,pairs,binned,story_A,story_B,story_A_summary,story_B_summary,Empathic Similarity (gpt3.5),Empathic Similarity Binned (gpt3.5),Empathic Similarity Reasons (gpt3.5),similarity_empathy_human_AGG,similarity_event_human_AGG,similarity_emotion_human_AGG,similarity_moral_human_AGG
0,"(0, 153)","(0.519, 0.553]","Since I was little I received unwanted attention from many people, from little things, such as some guy showed me his penis before I was 10, to something worse. But there was one particular guy, who would kiss me against my will on many occasions. The first time it happened, I was 12 and I got angry and punched him in the face. Everyone around me said that I overreacted and really nothing was wrong, so since then I never cared when someone kissed me or touched me when I didn't want to. <br><br>Since then I got angry one more time: when I was 14, one guy, whom I was really close with and trusted a lot, held me down for another guy because it was just a game or at least started as a truth or dare. <br><br>This past summer a guy got me drunk to have sex with me. He was holding me down on a bed with the weight of his body, and as I was resisting and asking him to stop, he was just laughing and telling me that I wanted it. The following day I hung out with him and another old high school friends like nothing happened, I guess I became insensitive to whatever people would do to me. <br><br>After coming to college, I for the first time in my life realized that what has been happening before was not the way things are supposed to be. It was the first time here when I learned what word ""consent"" meant. I'm not saying that nothing unwanted can happen to you here, but I'm saying that there are many nice people, whom you can trust, and you can have very positive experiences.","I hate being female in this society. I hate body standards. I hate society for making me grow up comparing my body to everyone around me, seeing only one body type to look up to in media. I hate that body types go in and out of trend. I hate that skinny is an accessory. <br><br>I hate that I grew up with family monitoring my body in a way they didn't do for my brother. I hate how impressed everyone was when I lost my appetite for a year. I hate how much better I got treated once I lost weight. I hate that I wasn't even given the chance to accept my body before it started giving out. <br><br>I hate that it's easier to tell people about my medical history than it would be to tell them I gained 10 pounds. I hate how much it's all shaped me. I hate that no matter how hard I try I can't reverse the harm.","
The author experienced unwanted attention from a young age, including being kissed without consent. When she punched the guy who kissed her at 12, she was told she overreacted, causing her to become indifferent to unwanted touching. In college, she learned about consent and discovered that positive experiences are possible with trustworthy people.","
The author expresses her frustration with societal expectations of female body standards. She resents the pressure to compare her body to others and the trend of certain body types being in style. She also discusses her personal experiences with her family monitoring her body and feeling better treated after losing weight.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.0,3.5,3.5
1,"(0, 155)","(0.553, 0.755]","Since I was little I received unwanted attention from many people, from little things, such as some guy showed me his penis before I was 10, to something worse. But there was one particular guy, who would kiss me against my will on many occasions. The first time it happened, I was 12 and I got angry and punched him in the face. Everyone around me said that I overreacted and really nothing was wrong, so since then I never cared when someone kissed me or touched me when I didn't want to. <br><br>Since then I got angry one more time: when I was 14, one guy, whom I was really close with and trusted a lot, held me down for another guy because it was just a game or at least started as a truth or dare. <br><br>This past summer a guy got me drunk to have sex with me. He was holding me down on a bed with the weight of his body, and as I was resisting and asking him to stop, he was just laughing and telling me that I wanted it. The following day I hung out with him and another old high school friends like nothing happened, I guess I became insensitive to whatever people would do to me. <br><br>After coming to college, I for the first time in my life realized that what has been happening before was not the way things are supposed to be. It was the first time here when I learned what word ""consent"" meant. I'm not saying that nothing unwanted can happen to you here, but I'm saying that there are many nice people, whom you can trust, and you can have very positive experiences.","I've been hanging out with this girl for a few months and we became great friends. There was always some underlying tension between us, but neither of us acted on it. We hung out a couple of times, cuddled, but nothing more. To be honest, I'm not sure what I wanted from her. I guess I just wanted support. I wanted someone to share how I felt with. <br><br>I had recently been through a bad breakup and I was doing everything self destructive I could think of. I wanted affection and comfort but I didn't have the energy to give any of it back. She did. She would always talk to me, help me through the day, comfort me, and encourage me to take care of myself. She would buy me anything I needed for myself, she cooked me homecooked meals. She would constantly check up on me. And to be honest, I was kind of a bad friend. I wasn't as caring and considerate as she was. I didn't really give her much comfort even though I depended on her for her care. <br><br>After trauma dumping on her for a while and doing some inconsiderate things, she started distancing herself from me. I thought that it was always just the fact that she was kind of pretty and giving me the support I needed that made me attracted to her. In my mind, I labeled her as replaceable and a placeholder. <br><br>But she's not that. She's genuinely funny, kind, beautiful, smart, and caring. She's everything a guy could want in a girl, but now she avoids me. I'm still not sure what I want out of this, but I know I made a mistake. And at this point I have no idea how to fix it.","
The author experienced unwanted attention from a young age, including being kissed without consent. When she punched the guy who kissed her at 12, she was told she overreacted, causing her to become indifferent to unwanted touching. In college, she learned about consent and discovered that positive experiences are possible with trustworthy people.","
The storyteller has been hanging out with a girl for a few months, and they had a great friendship with some underlying tension. The storyteller had recently gone through a bad breakup and was doing everything self-destructive, but the girl was always there for them, providing comfort and care. The storyteller realized they had been a bad friend and took the girl's support for granted, and now that she's distancing herself from them, they don't know how to fix it.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.0,2.5,1.5
2,"(0, 162)","(0.553, 0.755]","Since I was little I received unwanted attention from many people, from little things, such as some guy showed me his penis before I was 10, to something worse. But there was one particular guy, who would kiss me against my will on many occasions. The first time it happened, I was 12 and I got angry and punched him in the face. Everyone around me said that I overreacted and really nothing was wrong, so since then I never cared when someone kissed me or touched me when I didn't want to. <br><br>Since then I got angry one more time: when I was 14, one guy, whom I was really close with and trusted a lot, held me down for another guy because it was just a game or at least started as a truth or dare. <br><br>This past summer a guy got me drunk to have sex with me. He was holding me down on a bed with the weight of his body, and as I was resisting and asking him to stop, he was just laughing and telling me that I wanted it. The following day I hung out with him and another old high school friends like nothing happened, I guess I became insensitive to whatever people would do to me. <br><br>After coming to college, I for the first time in my life realized that what has been happening before was not the way things are supposed to be. It was the first time here when I learned what word ""consent"" meant. I'm not saying that nothing unwanted can happen to you here, but I'm saying that there are many nice people, whom you can trust, and you can have very positive experiences.","I am in my first year of college, and I miss my mom to a life-threatening degree. I keep getting sick and I never know how to handle it, and I have horrible health anxiety and can't ever get myself out of the colossal breakdowns I have every time I feel like something is wrong with my body. It's like every day is a living nightmare. <br><br>I love my classes, I love learning, I want to get my PhD and become a professor, but I just can't stand college and can't stand getting sick constantly and having no one around to help me deal with my emotions or to tell me I'll be okay. <br><br>I can't do it anymore. I just can't do it anymore, but Im $14k late.","
The author experienced unwanted attention from a young age, including being kissed without consent. When she punched the guy who kissed her at 12, she was told she overreacted, causing her to become indifferent to unwanted touching. In college, she learned about consent and discovered that positive experiences are possible with trustworthy people.","
A college student is struggling with severe homesickness and health anxiety, causing constant breakdowns and difficulty coping with illness. Despite enjoying her classes and academic goals, she feels overwhelmed and unsupported. However, she is also facing financial difficulties, with $14k in unpaid fees adding to her stress.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
3,"(0, 85)","(0.553, 0.755]","Since I was little I received unwanted attention from many people, from little things, such as some guy showed me his penis before I was 10, to something worse. But there was one particular guy, who would kiss me against my will on many occasions. The first time it happened, I was 12 and I got angry and punched him in the face. Everyone around me said that I overreacted and really nothing was wrong, so since then I never cared when someone kissed me or touched me when I didn't want to. <br><br>Since then I got angry one more time: when I was 14, one guy, whom I was really close with and trusted a lot, held me down for another guy because it was just a game or at least started as a truth or dare. <br><br>This past summer a guy got me drunk to have sex with me. He was holding me down on a bed with the weight of his body, and as I was resisting and asking him to stop, he was just laughing and telling me that I wanted it. The following day I hung out with him and another old high school friends like nothing happened, I guess I became insensitive to whatever people would do to me. <br><br>After coming to college, I for the first time in my life realized that what has been happening before was not the way things are supposed to be. It was the first time here when I learned what word ""consent"" meant. I'm not saying that nothing unwanted can happen to you here, but I'm saying that there are many nice people, whom you can trust, and you can have very positive experiences."," About two weeks ago, my boyfriend's grandmother passed away. Her critical health condition did not surprise anyone as her health had been declining for months. On top of that she had dementia from mid stage Alzheimer's so she really didn't remember much of anything. <br><br>The day she was admitted to the hospital she collapsed in her room at the nursing home. They rushed her to the hospital. The doctors said that she shattered the bone in her shoulder. They needed to operate on her. However, they knew that she probably wouldn't survive the surgery due to her fragile condition. They told us that she probably wouldn't live much longer. We should expect the worst. They fed her a steady supply of pain medications while we watched unable to do anything. <br><br>My boyfriend, his family, and myself returned home to think about what happened. At four in the morning they called us to inform us that her heartbeat was getting fainter. We should return to the hospital if we wanted to say goodbye. So we all left gathering around her. As we said our goodbyes, she passed away. We all stood around crying. My boyfriend's uncle would be arriving shortly to check up on us. We went home afterwards and sat in silence. <br><br>I found the whole thing depressing. Everyone else seemed to take it better than me. They told me that the person they knew and loved died a long time ago. She would continue to decline due to her dementia. At least she was able to pass before she progressed into late stage Alzheimer's. <br><br>Regardless, it impacted me. My boyfriend hugged me as his mother cooked breakfast.","
The author experienced unwanted attention from a young age, including being kissed without consent. When she punched the guy who kissed her at 12, she was told she overreacted, causing her to become indifferent to unwanted touching. In college, she learned about consent and discovered that positive experiences are possible with trustworthy people.","
A woman with mid-stage Alzheimer's and declining health was admitted to the hospital after collapsing in her nursing home. The doctors said she likely wouldn't survive surgery due to her fragile condition, and she was given pain medication as her family watched. She passed away shortly after they were called to say their goodbyes, leaving her loved ones to process the loss.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.0,1.5
4,"(1, 177)","(0.553, 0.755]","You deserve someone who loves you just as much as you love them. I’ve been feeling the same way after my last girlfriend, who never really reciprocated, but part of what’s been getting me through this loneliness and longing is the knowledge that there are people out there who are interested in making a real emotional connection, and as you put it perfectly, falling “recklessly in love.” <br><br>We’ve never met, and probably will never meet, but know that there are people out there who will love you for everything that you are. You just have to find them.","I had a childhood that pretty badly messed up a lot of things. Then as an adult my first serious relationship was abusive, my second was chaotic and my third I ended out of a misplaced self preservation instinct during the worst time of my life. <br><br>Then just as I was circling the drain I met someone. They reignited my drive to do the things I love and make the best of myself. To put it simply they made me want to be alive again. Every day became exciting, not the same slog I'd been trying to push through for so long, but just complete wonder. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop but it just built and got better and better. A few moments with them stand out as the happiest of my life. <br><br>But eventually things fell apart in stages, ending with me seeing a side of them I never knew was there. Something that touched on some very difficult things in my past and made me feel like everything had been a lie. Some very cruel things were said using vulnerabilities I had opened up to them about over years that no one else knew. <br><br>Now as I've been trying to move on from that I've come up on another issue. I just can't seem to date anymore. It was before Covid that I met them so for a while I brushed this off as just being out of practice but I realised that wasn't the problem. I have no problem getting dates, my problem is I just can't summon the interest in anyone I meet in a dating context. People I meet randomly who I've had a flicker of interest in all end up being taken and I end up feeling relieved more than disappointed. <br><br>I can't even have casual encounters because I just keep thinking about that person and I can never go through with it even when I've got people over specifically for that. I feel trapped and so very lonely. Despite everything I still find it impossible to imagine being with anyone who isn't them. <br><br>Even though I really want a relationship, I want to love and be loved but I don't know how to do that anymore. I'm exhausted.","
The author believes that one should find someone who loves them as much as they love that person. The author has been feeling lonely since their last relationship where their love wasn't reciprocated. However, they have hope that there are people out there who are interested in making a real emotional connection and falling recklessly in love.","The author had a difficult childhood and went through several abusive or chaotic relationships as an adult. They finally found someone who made them feel alive, but the relationship fell apart when the person revealed a cruel side. Now, the author can't seem to date anyone else and can't imagine being with anyone else. They feel trapped and lonely, wanting a relationship but not knowing how to move on.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,3.0
5,"(10, 194)","(0.498, 0.519]","Advice for the dozen or so crush-related confessions lately: Just talk to them. Find them on messenger and say you'd love to hang out sometime. Your crush isn't some evil super-being who can't be contacted by commoners (hopefully). They are another student just like you and would likely enjoy spending time with you. <br><br>Have confidence that you ARE a joy to be around and your attraction is valid. The semester may be ending soon, but why not sow the romantic seeds for next semester? Just do it! <br><br>-sincerely, a student who has found several close friends & gotten dates just from reaching out to people","I socialized with one of the most extroverted, sociable, boisterous guys in our school and I am the opposite of him. I'm reserved, inquisitive, and hot-headed. I was astonished how he is an introspective guy which I did not expect. He has helped me with a lot of things in just one and also helped me in promoting my channel. <br><br>We have the same taste in terms of memes and he even helped me with interacting with his friends who were pretty cool and sweet. All this was completely unexpected for me as I never saw it coming and I was determined that I would go out of comfort zone socially and I succeeded and I'm very proud of it.","
The advice for those who have crushes is to simply talk to them and ask them to hang out sometime. Crushes are not unapproachable, and it's important to have confidence and know that your attraction is valid. By reaching out and sowing the seeds for a potential relationship, it's possible to form close friendships and even get dates.","
The writer socialized with a very outgoing person who was their opposite. They were surprised to find out that he was introspective and he helped them with various things including promoting their channel. They bonded over their shared love for memes and the experience made the writer step out of their social comfort zone.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,3.0
6,"(100, 107)","(0.426, 0.438]","A few weeks ago, I had dinner with two of my close friends from high school, Victoria and Tammy. We get together about four times a year to catch up and see how we are all doing. Tammy's life is always full of drama and crazy events because of her relationship with her boyfriend Anthony. She caught us up about all of their fighting, issues, and his crazy family. As usual I gave her my opnion on her horrible situation and I explained to her why they are so toxic to each other. <br><br>After we were done hanging out, Tammy gave Victoria a ride home. On the way, Tammy made comments to Victoria that she hated my input and that is why she did not tell me anything. Fast forward to a few weeks later, I get a call in the middle of the night. It was Tammy and I let it go to voicemail 3 times before finally answering. <br><br>Anthony got arrested and she needed bail money or the title to my car. In that moment I realized how toxic she is. I began to question so many things about our friendship and her situation. How can someone not want to hear your advice and opnion but still call you for bail money? How does one get into a sitaution where they do not have $500 in their savings? <br><br>I realized that Tammy is not the type of person I want in my life. If someone is not making your life better then it is better to just go seperate ways.","I recently found out that one of my best friends was badmouthing me to my fiancee because he had a thing for her. He was telling her all sorts of lies to sway her into thinking I'm a bad guy in efforts to win her over. Fortunately, she told me and I was really mad because I was being betrayed by someone I trusted. I forgave him in my heart but I can't be friends with him anymore. I just can't bring myself to trusting him and considering him my friend anymore. <br><br>What's sad is that he's put my life out of balance now because I don't trust anyone anymore because of that betrayal. That being said, I was happy that my fiancee trusted me enough to alert me about it and get my side before believing anything that friend was telling her. I appreciate her now more than ever and know that whatever life throws at us we'll get through it if we trust each other enough to communicate about everything, good or bad. <br><br>This event helped me learn a few important lessons. One is that we get betrayed by the people we trust most. Second is that communication is key to success in a relationship.","
The author had dinner with two friends, Tammy and Victoria, and caught up on their lives. Tammy's relationship with her boyfriend Anthony was full of drama and she didn't appreciate the author's advice on the situation. Later, Tammy called the author in the middle of the night asking for bail money for Anthony, causing the author to reevaluate the toxicity of their friendship and decide to go their separate ways.","
The author discovered that one of their best friends was badmouthing them to their fiancee. The friend had ulterior motives because he had feelings for the fiancee. The author forgave the friend but couldn't be friends with them anymore and learned the importance of trust and communication in relationships.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.0,4.0,4.0
7,"(100, 155)","(0.465, 0.48]","A few weeks ago, I had dinner with two of my close friends from high school, Victoria and Tammy. We get together about four times a year to catch up and see how we are all doing. Tammy's life is always full of drama and crazy events because of her relationship with her boyfriend Anthony. She caught us up about all of their fighting, issues, and his crazy family. As usual I gave her my opnion on her horrible situation and I explained to her why they are so toxic to each other. <br><br>After we were done hanging out, Tammy gave Victoria a ride home. On the way, Tammy made comments to Victoria that she hated my input and that is why she did not tell me anything. Fast forward to a few weeks later, I get a call in the middle of the night. It was Tammy and I let it go to voicemail 3 times before finally answering. <br><br>Anthony got arrested and she needed bail money or the title to my car. In that moment I realized how toxic she is. I began to question so many things about our friendship and her situation. How can someone not want to hear your advice and opnion but still call you for bail money? How does one get into a sitaution where they do not have $500 in their savings? <br><br>I realized that Tammy is not the type of person I want in my life. If someone is not making your life better then it is better to just go seperate ways.","I've been hanging out with this girl for a few months and we became great friends. There was always some underlying tension between us, but neither of us acted on it. We hung out a couple of times, cuddled, but nothing more. To be honest, I'm not sure what I wanted from her. I guess I just wanted support. I wanted someone to share how I felt with. <br><br>I had recently been through a bad breakup and I was doing everything self destructive I could think of. I wanted affection and comfort but I didn't have the energy to give any of it back. She did. She would always talk to me, help me through the day, comfort me, and encourage me to take care of myself. She would buy me anything I needed for myself, she cooked me homecooked meals. She would constantly check up on me. And to be honest, I was kind of a bad friend. I wasn't as caring and considerate as she was. I didn't really give her much comfort even though I depended on her for her care. <br><br>After trauma dumping on her for a while and doing some inconsiderate things, she started distancing herself from me. I thought that it was always just the fact that she was kind of pretty and giving me the support I needed that made me attracted to her. In my mind, I labeled her as replaceable and a placeholder. <br><br>But she's not that. She's genuinely funny, kind, beautiful, smart, and caring. She's everything a guy could want in a girl, but now she avoids me. I'm still not sure what I want out of this, but I know I made a mistake. And at this point I have no idea how to fix it.","
The author had dinner with two friends, Tammy and Victoria, and caught up on their lives. Tammy's relationship with her boyfriend Anthony was full of drama and she didn't appreciate the author's advice on the situation. Later, Tammy called the author in the middle of the night asking for bail money for Anthony, causing the author to reevaluate the toxicity of their friendship and decide to go their separate ways.","
The storyteller has been hanging out with a girl for a few months, and they had a great friendship with some underlying tension. The storyteller had recently gone through a bad breakup and was doing everything self-destructive, but the girl was always there for them, providing comfort and care. The storyteller realized they had been a bad friend and took the girl's support for granted, and now that she's distancing herself from them, they don't know how to fix it.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,2.5
8,"(102, 152)","(0.519, 0.553]","I have been dating Michael for over two years now. I am 100% sure he is the one. I really could not be happier with him. We have talked about our future and I know he wants to get married. So, I've just been waiting for when he's going to propose. I find myself getting impatient with it but in the end it doesn't matter! <br><br>We recently went to a football game together and I got it in my head that he would propose there. It didn't happen. We had a good time though. I found myself disappointed and irritable because of something I thought was going to happen. <br><br>I wish I could get rid of being impatient and just enjoy myself. He is what I want, regardless of a title. The game and my disappoint made me realize how I was thinking. I kept looking for little clues. And it wasn't fair to him to expect something.","I think my boyfriend's gonna propose soon!! I've been with my boyfriend for over 4 years and have lived with him for a good part of the relationship. I was recently on his computer and an email popped up from a ring retailer saying something along the lines of ""nice meeting you the other day"". As I clicked into the email (we share emails for subscriptions) I saw the price of the ring. I was not expecting the amount to be so much! <br><br>I told him previously that I wanted a ring below $3k and would rather spend the extras on a house but I'm so excited!! I quickly closed the email but I'm glad that they provided pics in a link so I didn't accidentally see it but I'm so excited. <br><br>He kept asking me previously if I would wear a ring if he ever bought me one so it's no surprise there but I'm still over the moon.","
The narrator has been dating Michael for two years and is sure he is the one. She is waiting for him to propose but becomes impatient after a football game where she thought he would propose. She realizes that she needs to stop looking for clues and just enjoy their relationship, regardless of a title.","
The author believes her boyfriend is going to propose soon after seeing an email from a ring retailer on his computer with a higher price than expected. She had previously expressed her desire for a less expensive ring, but is still excited. The boyfriend had asked if she would wear a ring in the past, so it's not a complete surprise.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,4.0,2.5,3.0
9,"(103, 144)","(0.519, 0.553]","We have new neighbors, right next door. I've lived here 16 years, not the longest by far in this little area, but established. I own my home. I have planted many flowers, repainted it myself and reroofed a formerly run-down rental. <br><br>The new neighbors put up a religious sign, from the local hate church. You know, the kind of church that goes to gay pride with signs that say, 'god hates fags,' or picket planned parenthood with fetus photos and angry shouting. <br><br>The new neighbors' son also practice with weapons on the lawn with his buddies, some kind of asian battle sticks, nunchucks, that kind of thing. It's a bunch of white men in their early 20's dressed in black almost every evening, using weapons. <br><br>I am lesbian and not the only gay on the street. I felt more than a little threatened. Some neighbors stopped by to check in with me and let me know I could come by if I felt unsafe. Two houses left phone numbers. <br><br>After the new folks put up their sign from the hate church, new signs started popping up all over the neighborhood. It is a sign based on a US flag with lines of colored print. One line says, 'all are welcome here.' Another line says, ""diversity makes us strong. ' Another says, 'black lives matter.' Basically liberal, loving and inclusive statements and rally cries as befits most residents in this liberal university town. <br><br>I felt very supported, as an individual, as a member of the neighborhood and as a member of a group often targeted for the way we were born. <br><br>When the church sign went up, I wasn't sure my neighbors would know the type of church it is- a divisive church, a judgemental church. But they did know, and responded. Now the new neighbors have taken down their sign. But the diversity signs have remained and multiplied. <br><br>It reminds me of why I have felt so comfortable and welcome here.","Today I was talking with a friend in school. Beside him were two of his friends from his class. We were waiting for a teacher to bring a ball so we could hoop a little before I went home. <br><br>But there was this girl beside him who was one of his mates. During the conversation with me and my friend, she kept looking at me weirdly and then looking away when I looked back. In a weird way. Almost staring at me. <br><br>When I said bye and turned my back, she started talking. And it felt like she was talking negatively about me behind my back. She was so awkward, the whole way through as I was talking with my friend. <br><br>I had this sudden feeling of anger and hatred just rising within me. And many fantasies of killing her slowly popped up in my head. I had an overwhelming amount of hatred. I have never felt so angry and hateful towards someone for looking at me weirdly. <br><br>It stuck with me in my head until all the way home. I stopped and tried to observe why I felt this way. But I couldn't understand. Worse things have happened in my life and I felt more passive about it. But this... It nearly ruined my whole day and I couldn't stop thinking about it.","A lesbian woman who has owned her home for 16 years was threatened by her new neighbors who put up a religious sign from a hate church and practiced with weapons on their lawn. Some of her neighbors checked in with her and offered support, and soon after, signs promoting diversity and inclusivity started popping up all over the neighborhood. The woman felt very supported and grateful for her liberal and loving community.","
The narrator was waiting to play basketball with friends and noticed a girl who was staring at them. When he said goodbye and turned his back, she started talking negatively about him. He felt an overwhelming amount of anger and hatred towards her, which he couldn't understand and it stuck with him for the rest of the day.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.5,3.0
10,"(104, 145)","(0.553, 0.755]",This has been some year for me. When I was a teenager I dreamed of my own family one day. The same dream I've had most of my life. But now that dream has died. <br><br>I have never been someone woman desire or like. I thought I could overcome that obstacle and have my dream family one day. But it all came crashing down this year. I waited too long and gave too little effort to my dream. <br><br>Now my health is slowly worsening and no one wants to be with me. It hurts so much when I think of all the years wasted instead of following my dream. When I look at the rest of my life. I will spend the rest of my days regretting my choices and the chances not taken. <br><br>It's hard to believe but my life is a sad country song. All I can do now is get through each day. Try to make what time I have left have some meaning.,"For as long as I remember I always wanted to be famous and in the last five years I actually became obsessed with it and have done a lot of things. <br><br>But I was watching a few biopics of some very famous people, and I find most of them are actually very lonely within and some of them even have a disaster life. It's scary how actually media and people just want to use your fame for their own benefit. <br><br>I'm thinking is it even worth trying? I know many people who are actually on the same path as me.","A woman's lifelong dream of having a family has died as she was never desired by anyone. She waited too long and gave too little effort to her dream, and now her health is worsening. She regrets her choices and the chances not taken, but she hopes to make the most of the time she has left.","
The author has always wanted to be famous and has become obsessed with it in the last five years. After watching biopics of famous people, they realize that many of them are lonely and have disastrous lives. They question if fame is even worth pursuing, considering the media and people's desire to use it for their own benefit.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,3.0,3.0
11,"(104, 175)","(0.553, 0.755]",This has been some year for me. When I was a teenager I dreamed of my own family one day. The same dream I've had most of my life. But now that dream has died. <br><br>I have never been someone woman desire or like. I thought I could overcome that obstacle and have my dream family one day. But it all came crashing down this year. I waited too long and gave too little effort to my dream. <br><br>Now my health is slowly worsening and no one wants to be with me. It hurts so much when I think of all the years wasted instead of following my dream. When I look at the rest of my life. I will spend the rest of my days regretting my choices and the chances not taken. <br><br>It's hard to believe but my life is a sad country song. All I can do now is get through each day. Try to make what time I have left have some meaning.,"I'm a 1st yaer college student now and it's been weeks since the classes started. I'm anxious because my classmates seem to know a LOT more than what I expected. I have ZERO friends (I tried to socialize but the vibe isn't there). <br><br>It gets so lonely at lunch, I don't know how it'll pan out for me for the next 3 years of college. I can't even cry because I feel so ungrateful for the equipments and support my parents are giving me, I often feel like this is not my life to live in. Like, someone out there deserves this life more than me. <br><br>I guess I hate myself somehow for not excelling in academics. I need someone but I don't know who I need.","A woman's lifelong dream of having a family has died as she was never desired by anyone. She waited too long and gave too little effort to her dream, and now her health is worsening. She regrets her choices and the chances not taken, but she hopes to make the most of the time she has left.","
The college student is struggling with anxiety and loneliness as they feel their classmates are more knowledgeable than expected and they have not made any friends. They feel guilty for feeling this way as their parents are supportive and they have good equipment. The student hates themselves for not doing better academically and wishes for someone to help them.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,3.5,3.0
12,"(104, 185)","(0.553, 0.755]",This has been some year for me. When I was a teenager I dreamed of my own family one day. The same dream I've had most of my life. But now that dream has died. <br><br>I have never been someone woman desire or like. I thought I could overcome that obstacle and have my dream family one day. But it all came crashing down this year. I waited too long and gave too little effort to my dream. <br><br>Now my health is slowly worsening and no one wants to be with me. It hurts so much when I think of all the years wasted instead of following my dream. When I look at the rest of my life. I will spend the rest of my days regretting my choices and the chances not taken. <br><br>It's hard to believe but my life is a sad country song. All I can do now is get through each day. Try to make what time I have left have some meaning.,"Someone is always pregnant in the massive extended family I have. My sister announced she's due New Year's Eve, then I just got word that two of my cousins are also expecting in February! <br><br>I don't really like kids that much but the ones in my family are the exception. I'm excited to have a little nephew and more little baby cousins running around, especially so close in age. <br><br>My family is big on cousins being raised together so it's always better when they're the same or close to the same age. I, for instance, have a cousin that's 11 months my senior. We grew up together and were play buddies for years. <br><br>I'm just happy that my family's relationships and marriages are good enough that they're having kids even in the midst of a global pandemic and everything else going on. Makes me feel hopeful and optimistic for the future.","A woman's lifelong dream of having a family has died as she was never desired by anyone. She waited too long and gave too little effort to her dream, and now her health is worsening. She regrets her choices and the chances not taken, but she hopes to make the most of the time she has left.","Several members of the author's extended family are expecting babies, including their sister and two cousins. Despite not being a big fan of children, the author is excited to have more little relatives running around and values the tradition of cousins being raised together. The author feels hopeful and optimistic for the future thanks to their family's strong relationships and marriages, despite the challenges of the pandemic.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.5,2.0
13,"(104, 188)","(0.553, 0.755]",This has been some year for me. When I was a teenager I dreamed of my own family one day. The same dream I've had most of my life. But now that dream has died. <br><br>I have never been someone woman desire or like. I thought I could overcome that obstacle and have my dream family one day. But it all came crashing down this year. I waited too long and gave too little effort to my dream. <br><br>Now my health is slowly worsening and no one wants to be with me. It hurts so much when I think of all the years wasted instead of following my dream. When I look at the rest of my life. I will spend the rest of my days regretting my choices and the chances not taken. <br><br>It's hard to believe but my life is a sad country song. All I can do now is get through each day. Try to make what time I have left have some meaning.,"Me and my wife met in primary school. When we went to high school we started dating. After 2 years of experience and lots of problems we broke up. <br><br>2 years we have stayed away from each other. Then after a good time thinking about our life, our plans, and dreams, we started dating again. <br><br>Now everything was different. Now I know that I've found the woman for me. The woman I want to spend all my life with!","A woman's lifelong dream of having a family has died as she was never desired by anyone. She waited too long and gave too little effort to her dream, and now her health is worsening. She regrets her choices and the chances not taken, but she hopes to make the most of the time she has left.","
The author met their wife in primary school and started dating in high school. After two years, they broke up but two years later, they got back together after reflecting on their lives and dreams. The author realizes that they have found the woman they want to spend the rest of their life with.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,3.5
14,"(104, 238)","(0.553, 0.755]",This has been some year for me. When I was a teenager I dreamed of my own family one day. The same dream I've had most of my life. But now that dream has died. <br><br>I have never been someone woman desire or like. I thought I could overcome that obstacle and have my dream family one day. But it all came crashing down this year. I waited too long and gave too little effort to my dream. <br><br>Now my health is slowly worsening and no one wants to be with me. It hurts so much when I think of all the years wasted instead of following my dream. When I look at the rest of my life. I will spend the rest of my days regretting my choices and the chances not taken. <br><br>It's hard to believe but my life is a sad country song. All I can do now is get through each day. Try to make what time I have left have some meaning.,"From my time in high school, I knew intimately what it felt like to be left out and not have a voice. And I said, you know what? My life now on is to make people feel included, to make people feel like they had a voice. <br><br>I am currently the global inclusion program manager for our diverse engagement team, and I am hired to make sure people have a sense of belonging. It's so fun because in this space and this work it's all about behavior change, and that takes some time. <br><br>But when you see people's behavior changed because of something they didn't know, that they now know, that transformed their life. That's the only thing I need at night, that makes me super happy. <br><br>So be open to opportunities, and know that your mind may change. What won't change is inherently what's inside you. Or what you feel like you were destined here to do.","A woman's lifelong dream of having a family has died as she was never desired by anyone. She waited too long and gave too little effort to her dream, and now her health is worsening. She regrets her choices and the chances not taken, but she hopes to make the most of the time she has left.","
The author's high school experiences of feeling left out inspired them to make people feel included and heard. They are now the global inclusion program manager for a diverse engagement team, working to create a sense of belonging for everyone. Seeing people's behavior change and transform their lives brings them happiness and fulfillment in their work.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
15,"(105, 202)","(0.498, 0.519]","It's always nice to spend time with my family. We usually don't all get together often, but I'm glad that we did this time. We ended up going to a water park, which is totally new for me! I've been to regular theme parks, but never a certified water park. I'm glad this is where we went because this day was super fun (even with the perils of summer). <br><br>As always, the lines to get in were long. It was hot outside. I almost got stung by a bee! It was all well worth it because I got to conquer my fears. Theme park rides scare me. The speed, the slopes, that fluttering feeling in my stomach, the dark tunnels. Getting me on one takes an awful lot of persuasion! <br><br>However, I faced my fear. I went on one of the most intense rides in the park, and I survived! I was screaming the whole way down, but I did it. I am proud of myself and had so much fun!","My trampoline is in my backyard but our house is situated on the corner of the street so people can see me (a 20 year old hermit) jumping on a trampoline while listening to music, trying to get extra sunlight. <br><br>I thought I would look funny being older and all and some neighbors once looked at me funny simply for carrying a shovel across the yard so I was very anxious at first. <br><br>But after listening to a YouTube video about Cynicism (I always listen to philosophy when I'm feeling extremely sad or anxious) I decided to do it anyway since the benefits would outweigh the negative perspective I would probably get. <br><br>And I'm glad I did. It's hard doing simple stuff for me and I was glad I was able to overcome something today.","
The writer spends time with their family at a water park, which is a new experience for them. Despite the long lines, hot weather, and a near bee sting, they conquer their fear of theme park rides and go on one of the most intense rides in the park. They scream the whole way down but are proud of themselves and have a great time.","
A 20-year-old hermit jumps on a trampoline in their backyard while listening to music, trying to get extra sunlight. They were anxious at first due to being seen by others, but after listening to a philosophy video on cynicism, they decided to do it anyway. The experience helped the hermit overcome their anxiety and feel accomplished.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,4.0,4.0
16,"(106, 134)","(0.553, 0.755]","This event occurred over 3 months ago. I will forever remember it as something sticking and in all honesty, the day I became an adult. Not that I wasn't one already. On that day, I remember I did everything as I would each day prior to work. I ate breakfast, drank my regular cup of coffee with cinnamon sprinkled on top, etc. <br><br>However, on my way home, I began thinking about an argument I had with my mom a few days prior. I was thinking about how it made me feel and the events that led up to the event. As I parked, I saw that no one was home except my mom. I went ahead and entered my house, and went to grab a snack. As I closed the refrigerator, I saw my mom standing in the hallway. I approached her to speak about the events from the other day. We went back and forth in a very emotional conversation. This was probably one of the most intense conversation I have ever had with my mom. She told me so many things that it made me think twice about how I was behaving towards her. <br><br>It was the day that I found out my mom did not know how to swim. I HAD NO IDEA. I was honestly so shocked and surprised that I had seen my mom in pools before, but never knew she couldn't swim. How can I not know something so important about my mom?Which made me realize that I only have one mother. I should be paying more attention to her. I should be bonding with her more. Because one day, she will not be there. <br><br>After the compelling conversation, we then proceeded to plan a mother/daughter day. We planned to eat tacos that weekend and watch a movie together, which we did. It was honestly of the best weekends ever. Very moving moment for me.","I was at the checkout this morning, waiting behind a mom and her 4/5 year old daughter. She had a cart full of Halloween decorations. Cutesy things like plush pumpkins and wreaths and scarecrows. The mom was at the end of the counter sorting out her reusable shopping bags. <br><br>The child was unloading the cart. She was just jumping with excitement. The level in the cart got so low that the kid couldn't reach over the edge. So she did what any kid would do. She climbed the side. The cart started to tip, so I reached out to steady it. <br><br>I guess Mom caught my movement out of the corner of her eye, because she whipped around, grabbed the kid, and started scolding her. Which, understandable. I startled her and her kid scared her. She stands the kid on the ground and starts emptying the cart. <br><br>And this is where it starts to go off the rails.....The kid is watching with such a look of longing on her face. It was pitiful. The mom completely ignores her. Like she's not even there. Now, me. I would've done one of two or three things. I would've braced that cart with my feet and invited her to climb on up and have at it. Or picked the kid up and put her in the cart so she could hand things out. Or, at the very least, handed the things from the cart to the kid to put on the counter. <br><br>So, when the mom turns towards the cashier, the kid starts climbing the cart again. Mom catches her again and scolds more harshly. Now the kid is standing there, staring at the floor, trying not to cry. Mom is doing the ignoring thing again. I'm trying not to notice. <br><br>Then, the thing that absolutely burned my bacon...Last thing mom picked up out of the cart is this gorgeous child's Halloween mask. It's got fake painted lashes and adorable makeup and is trimmed around the edges with fluffy little feathers. Mom holds it in her hand, looks at the kid and says, ""You didn't really want this anyway, did you?"" In this bored, mean girl kind of voice. <br><br>And the kid just looks at the mask. Follows with her eyes as mom puts it back on the shelf. I've never wanted to slap someone so much in my life. Poor kid.","
The author had an emotional conversation with their mother about an argument they had. During this conversation, the author found out that their mother didn't know how to swim and realized they needed to spend more time with her. They planned a mother/daughter day and had a great weekend together.","A mother and her young daughter were at the checkout with a cart full of Halloween decorations. The daughter was excitedly unloading the cart and climbed the side of it, causing it to tip. The mother scolded the child and then ignored her as she longingly watched the items being emptied from the cart. The mother then cruelly told the child that she didn't really want a beautiful Halloween mask, causing the child to look crestfallen.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.0
17,"(106, 178)","(0.519, 0.553]","This event occurred over 3 months ago. I will forever remember it as something sticking and in all honesty, the day I became an adult. Not that I wasn't one already. On that day, I remember I did everything as I would each day prior to work. I ate breakfast, drank my regular cup of coffee with cinnamon sprinkled on top, etc. <br><br>However, on my way home, I began thinking about an argument I had with my mom a few days prior. I was thinking about how it made me feel and the events that led up to the event. As I parked, I saw that no one was home except my mom. I went ahead and entered my house, and went to grab a snack. As I closed the refrigerator, I saw my mom standing in the hallway. I approached her to speak about the events from the other day. We went back and forth in a very emotional conversation. This was probably one of the most intense conversation I have ever had with my mom. She told me so many things that it made me think twice about how I was behaving towards her. <br><br>It was the day that I found out my mom did not know how to swim. I HAD NO IDEA. I was honestly so shocked and surprised that I had seen my mom in pools before, but never knew she couldn't swim. How can I not know something so important about my mom?Which made me realize that I only have one mother. I should be paying more attention to her. I should be bonding with her more. Because one day, she will not be there. <br><br>After the compelling conversation, we then proceeded to plan a mother/daughter day. We planned to eat tacos that weekend and watch a movie together, which we did. It was honestly of the best weekends ever. Very moving moment for me.","I used to hate my dad with a certain passion that now I can only describe as ignorantly hating someone. But now I love him more than I thought I ever would. The only thing I have to thank for this is football and sports as a whole. <br><br>I'm 18 and for the years between 2015 and 2019 I hated my dad. I didn't want to hear his voice or even see him. But when I got into high school and played for my school's football team and he showed up to my first game because my older sister told him I was playing I started feeling happier than I thought I'd ever be and felt ashamed for the first time in my life. <br><br>But it wasn't just the first game. It was one after the other. He missed the ones that were like an hour drive from our town but he was there for almost every one of them. I'll never forget the look in his eyes when he hugged me tighter than I'd ever felt him hug me and heard that deep bellow in his voice that I once thought annoying. <br><br>I heard the words, ""Son, I'll never not be proud of you"" after we had lost our game ending season. But he didn't care that we lost. He cared that I had worked. I never felt very confident during that first year but just hearing him tell me that made me happier than I'd ever been. It gave me this sense of pride that I'd never felt. <br><br>My dad changed my life by being there. He changed my life by making me realize that his past doesn't define who he is now. He made me change more than I thought I could.","
The author had an emotional conversation with their mother about an argument they had. During this conversation, the author found out that their mother didn't know how to swim and realized they needed to spend more time with her. They planned a mother/daughter day and had a great weekend together.","An 18-year-old who used to hate his dad thanks sports for bringing them closer. He had despised his father between 2015 and 2019 but felt happier than he ever had when his father attended his first football game. His dad attended almost every game after that and expressed pride in his son's work ethic, changing the young man's life and making him realize that his past doesn't define who he is now.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,2.5
18,"(106, 204)","(0.519, 0.553]","This event occurred over 3 months ago. I will forever remember it as something sticking and in all honesty, the day I became an adult. Not that I wasn't one already. On that day, I remember I did everything as I would each day prior to work. I ate breakfast, drank my regular cup of coffee with cinnamon sprinkled on top, etc. <br><br>However, on my way home, I began thinking about an argument I had with my mom a few days prior. I was thinking about how it made me feel and the events that led up to the event. As I parked, I saw that no one was home except my mom. I went ahead and entered my house, and went to grab a snack. As I closed the refrigerator, I saw my mom standing in the hallway. I approached her to speak about the events from the other day. We went back and forth in a very emotional conversation. This was probably one of the most intense conversation I have ever had with my mom. She told me so many things that it made me think twice about how I was behaving towards her. <br><br>It was the day that I found out my mom did not know how to swim. I HAD NO IDEA. I was honestly so shocked and surprised that I had seen my mom in pools before, but never knew she couldn't swim. How can I not know something so important about my mom?Which made me realize that I only have one mother. I should be paying more attention to her. I should be bonding with her more. Because one day, she will not be there. <br><br>After the compelling conversation, we then proceeded to plan a mother/daughter day. We planned to eat tacos that weekend and watch a movie together, which we did. It was honestly of the best weekends ever. Very moving moment for me.","I have never really been able to emotionally bond with my kid. Between post-natal depression and all my weird mental health issues, I've struggled to bond with my kid. But tonight we hung out and played Among Us and talked a lot. She's now 15, so she's at a weird point in her life, but she told me everything, about her boyfriend and her friends. <br><br>She confided in me and promised me to tell me when she's having sex or when she wants to try drugs, and I feel happy that she trusts me to tell me these things. It's a weird thing to be happy about, but I am, and it makes me feel like a good mum for once.","
The author had an emotional conversation with their mother about an argument they had. During this conversation, the author found out that their mother didn't know how to swim and realized they needed to spend more time with her. They planned a mother/daughter day and had a great weekend together.","
The author has had difficulty bonding emotionally with their child due to post-natal depression and mental health issues. However, they finally bonded when they played Among Us and had a conversation with their 15-year-old child about their personal life. The author is happy that their child trusts them enough to confide in them about sensitive topics like sex and drugs.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.5
19,"(109, 155)","(0.553, 0.755]","So we have been friends since about June/July. I was in my first relationship when I met her and only liked her as a friend. That relationship didnt last longer than a month and I'm all over it. But as time went on we became best friends. <br><br>During this September we've started hanging out a lot more. Most of the time that we hang out we smoke weed and go on walks, we also have deep and meaningful conversations all of the time. I've been at her house two times and she has been at my house once. We have so much fun together and her smile feels like rays of sun spreading happiness inside of me. <br><br>She has told me how much she enjoys spending time with me compared to other people, when I asked her what she meant with that she didn't really expand on it. Our personalities go together perfectly and I really enjoy spending time with her. <br><br>I've expressed to her how much I like her as a friend and she's told me the same thing. This Monday I slept at her house after we had spent all afternoon hanging out together after school. We cuddled and she came closer to me and I'll just give some examples of interactions that night. I told her that my hand was cold since the window was open and she asked me if I wanted to put my hand inside the back of her hoodie. I proceeded and the scratched her back while we watched a movie. <br><br>She crept up close to me at night when we were done watching the movie and she put her head on my chest/shoulder. I started scratching her scalp and playing with her hair which I guess she liked. There was more stuff like this such as her grabbing my hand and I hugging her while we slept at night. Her pulling my arm up and around her neck and using it as a pillow. <br><br>Thing is she is talking to another guy but she has told me that she isn't sure if she likes him. And Iask her about it saying stuff like how's it going with him and she doesn't really respond to that. <br><br>I don't want to do anything stupid and ruin a fantastic friendship. I now have feelings for her after that night of her showing me affection and cuddling with her. I got to know her better and she's a fantastic woman with a bunch of cool theories and ideas about philosophy, media, and music.","I've been hanging out with this girl for a few months and we became great friends. There was always some underlying tension between us, but neither of us acted on it. We hung out a couple of times, cuddled, but nothing more. To be honest, I'm not sure what I wanted from her. I guess I just wanted support. I wanted someone to share how I felt with. <br><br>I had recently been through a bad breakup and I was doing everything self destructive I could think of. I wanted affection and comfort but I didn't have the energy to give any of it back. She did. She would always talk to me, help me through the day, comfort me, and encourage me to take care of myself. She would buy me anything I needed for myself, she cooked me homecooked meals. She would constantly check up on me. And to be honest, I was kind of a bad friend. I wasn't as caring and considerate as she was. I didn't really give her much comfort even though I depended on her for her care. <br><br>After trauma dumping on her for a while and doing some inconsiderate things, she started distancing herself from me. I thought that it was always just the fact that she was kind of pretty and giving me the support I needed that made me attracted to her. In my mind, I labeled her as replaceable and a placeholder. <br><br>But she's not that. She's genuinely funny, kind, beautiful, smart, and caring. She's everything a guy could want in a girl, but now she avoids me. I'm still not sure what I want out of this, but I know I made a mistake. And at this point I have no idea how to fix it.","
The narrator and his friend have been close since June/July, and have been hanging out more since September. They have deep conversations, smoke weed, and enjoy each other's company. After a night of cuddling and affection, the narrator has developed feelings for her, but she is talking to another guy and he doesn't want to ruin their friendship.","
The storyteller has been hanging out with a girl for a few months, and they had a great friendship with some underlying tension. The storyteller had recently gone through a bad breakup and was doing everything self-destructive, but the girl was always there for them, providing comfort and care. The storyteller realized they had been a bad friend and took the girl's support for granted, and now that she's distancing herself from them, they don't know how to fix it.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,3.0,3.0,2.0
20,"(109, 174)","(0.553, 0.755]","So we have been friends since about June/July. I was in my first relationship when I met her and only liked her as a friend. That relationship didnt last longer than a month and I'm all over it. But as time went on we became best friends. <br><br>During this September we've started hanging out a lot more. Most of the time that we hang out we smoke weed and go on walks, we also have deep and meaningful conversations all of the time. I've been at her house two times and she has been at my house once. We have so much fun together and her smile feels like rays of sun spreading happiness inside of me. <br><br>She has told me how much she enjoys spending time with me compared to other people, when I asked her what she meant with that she didn't really expand on it. Our personalities go together perfectly and I really enjoy spending time with her. <br><br>I've expressed to her how much I like her as a friend and she's told me the same thing. This Monday I slept at her house after we had spent all afternoon hanging out together after school. We cuddled and she came closer to me and I'll just give some examples of interactions that night. I told her that my hand was cold since the window was open and she asked me if I wanted to put my hand inside the back of her hoodie. I proceeded and the scratched her back while we watched a movie. <br><br>She crept up close to me at night when we were done watching the movie and she put her head on my chest/shoulder. I started scratching her scalp and playing with her hair which I guess she liked. There was more stuff like this such as her grabbing my hand and I hugging her while we slept at night. Her pulling my arm up and around her neck and using it as a pillow. <br><br>Thing is she is talking to another guy but she has told me that she isn't sure if she likes him. And Iask her about it saying stuff like how's it going with him and she doesn't really respond to that. <br><br>I don't want to do anything stupid and ruin a fantastic friendship. I now have feelings for her after that night of her showing me affection and cuddling with her. I got to know her better and she's a fantastic woman with a bunch of cool theories and ideas about philosophy, media, and music.",I've never been in a friendship where I've felt comfortable and confident before. But today I realized that I did it. I realized this when I was feeling overwhelmed and pretty crappy and my friend didn't try to insult me or make me feel worse. <br><br>But she helped me and stayed with me. I know this seems like the very bare minimum but to me it means the world.,"
The narrator and his friend have been close since June/July, and have been hanging out more since September. They have deep conversations, smoke weed, and enjoy each other's company. After a night of cuddling and affection, the narrator has developed feelings for her, but she is talking to another guy and he doesn't want to ruin their friendship.","
The writer has never felt comfortable and confident in a friendship before. However, their friend helped them when they were feeling overwhelmed and did not insult them. This meant a lot to the writer, despite seeming like the bare minimum.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.5,3.0
21,"(109, 176)","(0.553, 0.755]","So we have been friends since about June/July. I was in my first relationship when I met her and only liked her as a friend. That relationship didnt last longer than a month and I'm all over it. But as time went on we became best friends. <br><br>During this September we've started hanging out a lot more. Most of the time that we hang out we smoke weed and go on walks, we also have deep and meaningful conversations all of the time. I've been at her house two times and she has been at my house once. We have so much fun together and her smile feels like rays of sun spreading happiness inside of me. <br><br>She has told me how much she enjoys spending time with me compared to other people, when I asked her what she meant with that she didn't really expand on it. Our personalities go together perfectly and I really enjoy spending time with her. <br><br>I've expressed to her how much I like her as a friend and she's told me the same thing. This Monday I slept at her house after we had spent all afternoon hanging out together after school. We cuddled and she came closer to me and I'll just give some examples of interactions that night. I told her that my hand was cold since the window was open and she asked me if I wanted to put my hand inside the back of her hoodie. I proceeded and the scratched her back while we watched a movie. <br><br>She crept up close to me at night when we were done watching the movie and she put her head on my chest/shoulder. I started scratching her scalp and playing with her hair which I guess she liked. There was more stuff like this such as her grabbing my hand and I hugging her while we slept at night. Her pulling my arm up and around her neck and using it as a pillow. <br><br>Thing is she is talking to another guy but she has told me that she isn't sure if she likes him. And Iask her about it saying stuff like how's it going with him and she doesn't really respond to that. <br><br>I don't want to do anything stupid and ruin a fantastic friendship. I now have feelings for her after that night of her showing me affection and cuddling with her. I got to know her better and she's a fantastic woman with a bunch of cool theories and ideas about philosophy, media, and music.","I love someone who doesn't love me. We are both in high school, but different ones. We met in 8th grade, and at first I just thought she was a shy but nice girl, but I got to know her and we became best friends. We helped each other through tough times and I started to love her. We were very close and I thought she might like me too. <br><br>I told her at the end of the year online because I was too scared to say it to her face. She said she just loved me as her best friend, nothing more. And since then a combination of that and moving to different high schools and we have stopped talking much. <br><br>I love her so much and have never felt like this for anyone. But she's such a good person who doesn't know it, and is so beautiful on the inside. I want to be with her for the rest of my life but she doesn't want me. <br><br>I don't know what to do. I love her so much, I want to be with her and hold hands and just coexist with her, but we never talk, we go months without speaking and when we talk it's just chatter, not like the actual convos we used to have. <br><br>I can tell I messed it up by telling her, and now what we had is ruined.","
The narrator and his friend have been close since June/July, and have been hanging out more since September. They have deep conversations, smoke weed, and enjoy each other's company. After a night of cuddling and affection, the narrator has developed feelings for her, but she is talking to another guy and he doesn't want to ruin their friendship.","
The author loves someone who only sees them as a friend. They met in 8th grade and became close, but the author's confession of love has led to less communication between them. The author still loves this person and wishes they could be together, but is unsure of what to do now.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
22,"(11, 206)","(0.553, 0.755]","Recently I took a trip with my partner, Karl, to an amusement park about an hour east called Kentucky Kingdom. We don't have a ton of money to spend on vacation, so any little trip is a big deal for us. Also we totally suck at planning things, and hadn't done anything all summer, until we really buckled down and started making a cohesive plan. We splurged and got a hotel near the park for two nights, and invited a friend of ours from Tennessee to come stay with us too. His name was Nick, and we'd never met him. <br><br>That is to say, we met him on Twitch. Karl and I started streaming a little over a year ago, and while I got bored of it fairly quickly, he kept at it and ended up starting a small group of streamers. Nick was one of the first members added to the group, all of us fans of the game Dropmix (a strange music/card game hybrid). In the months that followed we would all become closer watching each others stream at different times of the day, keeping each other company at work and so on. So when we invited him to stay with us, we felt like we knew him. <br><br>I would describe myself as having a high degree of social anxiety. I had some hesitation about meeting someone in real life who only knew me from my online persona. But it ended up being awesome! Karl, Nick, and myself all share a love of roller coasters in addition to weird card games, and surprisingly none of us had ever been to Kentucky Kingdom before. <br><br>The lines were short and they offered free soda to visitors from out of town (I won't say no!), the rides were awesome, and the people-watching was on point. The only drawback to the whole thing was that Nick and Karl both snore. But I'd had enough to drink each night that it wasn't much of an issue. <br><br>I ended up feeling glad that we rallied and planned a trip, however quaint. It's something more people should try. Even just a few days away with friends made the stressful reality of day to day life a little more tolerable.","I just talked to my friend. He's someone I had a crush on for years way back from high school. We started talking again lately after about 3 years of not talking and it's been great. <br><br>He has always been one with a great mind and lots of insight on life - part of the reason why I loved him back then. <br><br>He said he has no problem observing people and understanding them, but he has difficulty looking back into himself, and I was a mirror that helped him do that. He appreciated it a lot. <br><br>And I was over the moon when he said that. He's probably the only one I can hold a conversation through text with for hours.","The author and their partner, Karl, went on a trip to Kentucky Kingdom with a friend they met on Twitch named Nick. Despite initial hesitation due to social anxiety, the trip was fun as they all shared a love for roller coasters and weird card games. The author encourages more people to plan small trips with friends as it can make day-to-day life more tolerable.","
The author reconnected with a former crush from high school after not talking for three years. The crush has a great mind and insight on life, but struggles with self-reflection. The author feels overjoyed that they can hold a conversation with them for hours.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.5,3.5,2.0
23,"(110, 169)","(0.553, 0.755]","I met a man years ago. We ""trauma bonded."" Similar bad situations bond humans, apparently. He helped me raise my child, we eventually married. What a nightmare that was. <br><br>3 years ago, I left him. This wonderful, imperfect man who I am head over heels in love with. I moved out. One of the hardest decisions I've had to make. Also, in hindsight, one of the best. <br><br>We have made our way back to friends, complicated as it may be. Tonight we met at his place for drinks to celebrate a new job for me. Honestly, just an excuse to see him. <br><br>We drank and smoked and laughed and shared our triumphs and tribulations. I'm here to share this friendship that I treasure more than anything else in this world. I feel like he accepts me as me, quietly encourages me to be more ME. <br><br>Being with him, for just a couple of hours, is rejuvenating. This feeling, it creates hope, of a future.","About two years ago, I developed a connection with someone I met through Reddit, and we pretty quickly shifted our conversations off of Reddit. We chatted and stuff pretty much every day for several months. <br><br>I made a lot of mistakes that ended up pushing that person away. I know it is what it is, though. There's nothing to be done about it now. <br><br>I've just been in a reflective mood lately, and I got to thinking about how much I enjoyed that connection, because I haven't had anything like that since, and I just miss it.","
The author met a man with whom she ""trauma bonded,"" and despite the eventual marriage being a nightmare, they raised a child together. Three years ago, she left him, but they have since made their way back to a friendship that she treasures more than anything else. They recently met to celebrate the author's new job, and being with him rejuvenates her and creates hope for the future.","
The author connected with someone on Reddit and they moved their conversations off the platform. They talked every day for several months but the author made mistakes that pushed the person away. The author misses the connection and has been reflecting on it lately.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
24,"(111, 252)","(0.403, 0.414]","The recent Adam Levine and Try Guy drama has me thinking about this. I think you have to be extremely naive to be surprised at news of celebrities having affairs and whatnot. They all do it. It's really not anybody else's business honestly. <br><br>It's not like celebrities are obligated to be good role models. Even if their public image is a relatively wholesome one, I find it odd that people lose sight of the fact that these are professional entertainers, it's very clearly just a branding thing and we don't know any of these people.","For 50 years, the Soviet government had created a kind of situation where you weren't allowed to speak back against the government, and if you did, you'd finish up in an insane asylum or you'd never find a really decent job or you'd suffer mightily in some way. I suddenly discovered that you weren't allowed to speak back against a sponsor. And that realization that there was really no democracy on the airwaves gave birth to Adbusters and our website and our campaigns. <br><br>For me, success meant the admiration of others, being able to increase the circulation of Adbusters Magazine to how big a splash I was making in the world. The last few years of my life, I'm measuring success in terms of how happy I am, how fulfilled I feel. <br><br>Be open to any opportunities that present itself.","
The article discusses the recent drama surrounding Adam Levine and Try Guy. The author believes that it is naive to be surprised at news of celebrities having affairs and argues that it is not anyone else's business. They also argue that celebrities are not obligated to be good role models and that their public image is just a branding strategy.","
The Soviet government's restriction on free speech inspired the founder of Adbusters to create a platform that challenges the lack of democracy in media. Initially, success was measured by external validation, but the founder's definition of success has shifted to personal fulfillment and happiness. The lesson learned is to be open to any opportunities that come your way.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.5,1.0
25,"(112, 132)","(0.553, 0.755]","So, I was brought up with the mindset that I should help everyone in any capacity I can. I met someone about two months ago and within a few weeks, we switched to more personal apps like Instagram and Telegram. We are from very different regions and have different lifestyles so I only see her as my long-distance friend. <br><br>We had a little argument recently and I discussed it with her in a non-argumentative way and it seems that a solution to every problem she faces is blocked. She keeps threatening me that she will block me and I on the other hand try to solve a misunderstanding through communication without criticizing or anything. <br><br>Today I decided that it is a waste of time and I should end it, whatever it is. She is quite young, like 22, and today I decided that it is alright if I can't help everyone and prioritize me.","I work remotely, and I'm an extrovert who loves people watching. As such, a couple of times a week I go to the mall and sit at the Starbucks near me. Today, a stranger walked in and ordered their drink and sat down at their table. The place was super busy so I never gave it a second thought, however the way this person was sitting looked a bit odd. <br><br>I looked at them a little closer (in a non-obvious way) and noticed that they were covering their face with their hands and were desperately trying to hold back tears. I felt terrible for this person and after thinking about it for a few minutes, I decided I'd get them a doughnut or a cookie or something to try and cheer them up. <br><br>So I got up and went to another shop, and while I was there I wrote on a piece of paper: ""Hey, I noticed that you don't seem okay. Whatever it is that's bothering you, I hope it gets better and you feel better soon. Here's a cookie, hopefully it helps you feel better! P.S Sorry if this is awkward. <br><br>Well just as I went back to Starbucks to try and give it to them, they were gone. At some point between me thinking I should do something and actually doing it, they got up and left. I feel so terrible right now. I feel so bad for that person, I don't know what they were going through but it didn't look like it was good. <br><br>If only I had acted a bit quicker I might have been able to make a difference, no matter how small. I feel really heartbroken. I just hope they're okay wherever they are and that they feel better soon.","
The narrator was brought up to help others but recently had an argument with a long-distance friend who constantly threatens to block them. Despite trying to communicate and solve the issue, the friend always blocks any solutions. The narrator decides to prioritize themselves and end the friendship.","The author works remotely and likes people watching, so they often go to the mall and sit at Starbucks. One day, they noticed a stranger sitting at a table and crying. The author decided to buy them a cookie and wrote a note, but when they returned to Starbucks, the stranger had already left, leaving the author feeling heartbroken for not acting quicker to help.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.0,2.5,2.0
26,"(112, 155)","(0.553, 0.755]","So, I was brought up with the mindset that I should help everyone in any capacity I can. I met someone about two months ago and within a few weeks, we switched to more personal apps like Instagram and Telegram. We are from very different regions and have different lifestyles so I only see her as my long-distance friend. <br><br>We had a little argument recently and I discussed it with her in a non-argumentative way and it seems that a solution to every problem she faces is blocked. She keeps threatening me that she will block me and I on the other hand try to solve a misunderstanding through communication without criticizing or anything. <br><br>Today I decided that it is a waste of time and I should end it, whatever it is. She is quite young, like 22, and today I decided that it is alright if I can't help everyone and prioritize me.","I've been hanging out with this girl for a few months and we became great friends. There was always some underlying tension between us, but neither of us acted on it. We hung out a couple of times, cuddled, but nothing more. To be honest, I'm not sure what I wanted from her. I guess I just wanted support. I wanted someone to share how I felt with. <br><br>I had recently been through a bad breakup and I was doing everything self destructive I could think of. I wanted affection and comfort but I didn't have the energy to give any of it back. She did. She would always talk to me, help me through the day, comfort me, and encourage me to take care of myself. She would buy me anything I needed for myself, she cooked me homecooked meals. She would constantly check up on me. And to be honest, I was kind of a bad friend. I wasn't as caring and considerate as she was. I didn't really give her much comfort even though I depended on her for her care. <br><br>After trauma dumping on her for a while and doing some inconsiderate things, she started distancing herself from me. I thought that it was always just the fact that she was kind of pretty and giving me the support I needed that made me attracted to her. In my mind, I labeled her as replaceable and a placeholder. <br><br>But she's not that. She's genuinely funny, kind, beautiful, smart, and caring. She's everything a guy could want in a girl, but now she avoids me. I'm still not sure what I want out of this, but I know I made a mistake. And at this point I have no idea how to fix it.","
The narrator was brought up to help others but recently had an argument with a long-distance friend who constantly threatens to block them. Despite trying to communicate and solve the issue, the friend always blocks any solutions. The narrator decides to prioritize themselves and end the friendship.","
The storyteller has been hanging out with a girl for a few months, and they had a great friendship with some underlying tension. The storyteller had recently gone through a bad breakup and was doing everything self-destructive, but the girl was always there for them, providing comfort and care. The storyteller realized they had been a bad friend and took the girl's support for granted, and now that she's distancing herself from them, they don't know how to fix it.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
27,"(112, 174)","(0.553, 0.755]","So, I was brought up with the mindset that I should help everyone in any capacity I can. I met someone about two months ago and within a few weeks, we switched to more personal apps like Instagram and Telegram. We are from very different regions and have different lifestyles so I only see her as my long-distance friend. <br><br>We had a little argument recently and I discussed it with her in a non-argumentative way and it seems that a solution to every problem she faces is blocked. She keeps threatening me that she will block me and I on the other hand try to solve a misunderstanding through communication without criticizing or anything. <br><br>Today I decided that it is a waste of time and I should end it, whatever it is. She is quite young, like 22, and today I decided that it is alright if I can't help everyone and prioritize me.",I've never been in a friendship where I've felt comfortable and confident before. But today I realized that I did it. I realized this when I was feeling overwhelmed and pretty crappy and my friend didn't try to insult me or make me feel worse. <br><br>But she helped me and stayed with me. I know this seems like the very bare minimum but to me it means the world.,"
The narrator was brought up to help others but recently had an argument with a long-distance friend who constantly threatens to block them. Despite trying to communicate and solve the issue, the friend always blocks any solutions. The narrator decides to prioritize themselves and end the friendship.","
The writer has never felt comfortable and confident in a friendship before. However, their friend helped them when they were feeling overwhelmed and did not insult them. This meant a lot to the writer, despite seeming like the bare minimum.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
28,"(114, 248)","(0.519, 0.553]","I have been doing housework for about 45 years of my adult life and it has to be the most boring, repetitive, thankless and futile activity that anyone can engage in. I loathe it with a passion and always have and so I have decided to go on permanent strike. I don't like filth so I will keep that under control, but, as for sweeping, dusting, folding, ironing, polishing, vacuuming, scrubbing and all that jazz - I'm out! <br><br>Since I mostly live alone it is my own mess and I couldn't give two hoots about what anyone else thinks about the state of my home anymore. I just want to spend my time doing things I enjoy without the daily interruptions of housework. I am liberating myself from this prison that is largely done for the benefit of what others think. I'm free. Woo hoo! <br><br>Does anyone else feel the same way? If you do, just pack it in. Simple as that. If you live with others who can't take the fact that you no longer clean up after them, let them do it if they're old enough. It's just not fair that this horrendous task should become the default responsibility of one person in a household as it so often does. <br><br>Time to give housework a last goodbye! Don't chew me up. Every family is different. This is just my story and it won't be the same for everyone. I'm just putting it out there because it is where I'm at right now.","I was thinking, ""Here's what I love, but what I love won't ever make me money, so I'm gonna get an economics degree and just play guitar when I get home I guess.'' It's a risk, for sure. <br><br>I used to think that the friction was a bad thing. Like, the tension that you feel. You wanna cut the tension. Everything's to ease pain in our society, very much like pain is the enemy. <br><br>And I don't think that that's true. I think that the tension's a good thing, that to be pulled tight is almost the only way you can make a proper noise on a guitar or violin. <br><br>So if you feel pulled, that's not a bad thing.","The author has been doing housework for 45 years and finds it boring, repetitive, and thankless, so they have decided to go on permanent strike. They will still keep the house clean but will no longer do tasks like sweeping, dusting, ironing, and vacuuming. They believe that it is unfair that housework is often the default responsibility of one person and encourage others to do the same if they feel the same way.","
The author initially pursued economics despite his passion for music, thinking it was the only way to make money. However, he realized that the tension he felt between his love for music and the practicality of economics was actually a good thing, as tension is necessary to create beautiful music. He encourages others to embrace the tension and follow their passions, even if it involves taking risks.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,3.0,2.5
29,"(115, 193)","(0.553, 0.755]"," We've been friends for a while, not a super long time, but long enough for me to really value his opinion. I hadn't mentioned my autism because I get anxious about people reacting negatively to it, but he didn't! And I knew he wouldn't! <br><br>It came about by me telling him what a tough time I've been having recently with managing my symptoms and it sparked a great conversation of him trying to help with a problem and then telling me fun stories about his other autistic friends. <br><br>It was a great part of a bad day!","I just finished a book! It was short, but I actually enjoyed it! Whenever I had to read a book in school, any book, I hated it. I kept losing track of where we were in class readings. I never actually wanted to participate. <br><br>Today, it felt like the opposite of all that stuff! My reading comprehension can still be all over the place sometimes (I have ADHD), but it wasn't hard to focus. <br><br>Also, it feels less isolating to read a book by yourself. Simply spending time to read with anyone can make you feel more connected and less isolated!","
The author has a friend that they value and trust. They recently told their friend about their autism, and their friend reacted positively. The conversation that followed was helpful and enjoyable, and it made a bad day better.","
The author finished a short book and enjoyed it, which was a contrast to their experience of reading books in school. Their ADHD can make reading comprehension difficult, but they were able to focus. Reading alone can still create a sense of connection and combat feelings of isolation.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.0,3.0,3.5
30,"(117, 167)","(0.519, 0.553]","So I went to do some maintenance with my barber, I'm in the process (or at least i was before he screwed it up) of letting my hair grow, and decided I wanted it trimmed down just a little bit. Told him that and he said ok. <br><br>Fast forward 20 min in I'm just doing what we all do at the barber, which is to just look around and occasionally try to understand what your barber is doing. Then I notice the guy was cutting way too close to my head, and the damage was done, 9 months down the drain. <br><br>I got up, paid and I literally can't look myself in the mirror anymore, I look so ugly, even if told otherwise. I was already low on willpower to keep growing my hair at that awkward mid point and now I gotta do that all over again.","My energy levels are so depleted that even the thought of eating makes me feel sick. I've barely eaten in days. In fact, I had to leave work early today because I was physically unable to stay and as soon as I came home I passed out on my bed. I only just woke up, at 8 pm, but every waking thought I have is of this deep and utter hopelessness I feel within my life, and the intruding thoughts telling me that maybe I deserve this, maybe I'm just never meant to be happy at all. <br><br>I don't even know where to begin on my path to recovery, because my entire life just feels completely out of my own hands. All I want to do is stay crawled up in a ball and cry, yet that is also the one thing I don't want to do at all.","
The author went to the barber for a trim while in the process of growing their hair out, but the barber cut too much off. The author feels upset and cannot look at themselves in the mirror because they look ""ugly"". They now have to start growing their hair out again from an awkward mid-point.","
The author is experiencing extreme fatigue and has not been eating. They had to leave work early and feel hopeless and undeserving of happiness. They don't know where to begin with recovery and feel out of control of their life, wanting to cry but also not wanting to.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,3.0,2.0
31,"(118, 235)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm in love with animals and I'm really passionate about wildlife conservation. I just think they're really interesting, and a lot of animals are super mysterious and beautiful to me. Like I would totally freak out if I got the chance to sit and just observe a pack of wolves in their natural habitat. <br><br>I get genuinely anxious thinking about how many animal species are having their habitats destroyed and it makes me think it'd be really cool if we could properly coexist with animals rather than take over their territory. I wish there were more wildlife overpasses for freeways and animal friendly ecostructure. <br><br>Plus, there would probably be a lot more wild animal sightings! ","I'm the curator of Behavioral Husbandry and Welfare for Oklahoma City Zoo. So I spend a lot of time looking, observing, learning everything we can about the species and about what their needs are to give them many choices in their environment. So that they have varied days and they have a very dynamic environment that they're living in. <br><br>When I was five years old, I had an encounter with a dolphin. And I was able to look that animal in the eye and that was it for me. I wanted to dedicate my life to working with animals. When I left college, I thought, I'm ready. Put me in a job, I know what to do. <br><br>And what I found was the animals were the best teachers. They have taught me humility. I think that's a big one. They've taught me compassion, to be a little bit more open and be very understanding. Especially to other human beings. <br><br>That was something I learned when I left college. I had amazing experiences in college and I loved my classes but I don't think I really started becoming well rounded until I got out of the classroom. And I really started learning the real world stuff. <br><br>So talk to people, hear their stories, and keep an open mind because every person has something to teach you.","
The author is passionate about wildlife conservation and finds animals to be mysterious and beautiful. They feel anxious about the destruction of animal habitats and wish for better coexistence between humans and animals, including more wildlife overpasses and eco-friendly structures. They believe this would lead to more wild animal sightings.","
The curator of Behavioral Husbandry and Welfare for Oklahoma City Zoo dedicates her life to working with animals after having an encounter with a dolphin when she was five. She spends her time observing and learning about different species and their needs to provide them with a dynamic environment. Animals have taught her humility, compassion, and understanding, and she believes that every person has something to teach us.",5,,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.5,3.5,3.0
32,"(118, 262)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm in love with animals and I'm really passionate about wildlife conservation. I just think they're really interesting, and a lot of animals are super mysterious and beautiful to me. Like I would totally freak out if I got the chance to sit and just observe a pack of wolves in their natural habitat. <br><br>I get genuinely anxious thinking about how many animal species are having their habitats destroyed and it makes me think it'd be really cool if we could properly coexist with animals rather than take over their territory. I wish there were more wildlife overpasses for freeways and animal friendly ecostructure. <br><br>Plus, there would probably be a lot more wild animal sightings! ","I'm a veterinarian in Tennessee. I have two practices here, and then all of a sudden in 1995, a lady came by and wanted to start an elephant sanctuary. And not being able to stay out of trouble, I said sure, I'll help. <br><br>An elephant sanctuary is a place for retired elephants. Almost all of them have arthritis from performing in circuses. We've got 2700 acres, they can just roam and be free. And that's why it's a sanctuary. A sanctuary is where you're at peace and no one can theoretically disturb you. We want them to be free. <br><br>I've been helping the sanctuary for 20 years. Watching it grow into the organization it has become, and hopefully, helping it grow. It's been a very satisfying part of my life. <br><br>I think I'm having success because I'm still having fun at this. At 60, I still love what I do.","
The author is passionate about wildlife conservation and finds animals to be mysterious and beautiful. They feel anxious about the destruction of animal habitats and wish for better coexistence between humans and animals, including more wildlife overpasses and eco-friendly structures. They believe this would lead to more wild animal sightings.","
A veterinarian in Tennessee helps start an elephant sanctuary for retired elephants with arthritis from performing in circuses. The sanctuary provides a peaceful and free environment for these elephants to roam. The veterinarian has been helping the sanctuary for 20 years and finds it satisfying because he still loves what he does.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.5,3.5
33,"(12, 23)","(0.519, 0.553]","On July 20th, 2019, I got married! After all of the planning and waiting, it was wonderful. It was hot, but everything except pictures was indoors, so it wasn't too bad. We had a ceremony in the LDS temple in Logan, Utah. It was perfect. There are people who I wish had been able to attend, but I was still able to see many friends and family who I hadn't for some time. <br><br>When my husband and I walked out of the temple, everyone was there to greet us and take pictures and give hugs. My husband looked perfect in his charcoal grey tux, and we couldn't stop smiling the whole time. We hired a photographer to take pictures, but my grandpa's a photographer too, so he buzzed around and took a lot of photos too. <br><br>We had a reception afterwards in the Riverwoods conference center. Our reception hall turned out really beautiful, and our parents said the sweetest things. I got to meet one of my husband's sisters for the first time. A couple who my family knew when we lived in Dubai several years ago even came! Some other friends from overseas were able to attend as well, so I was really great to see them again. <br><br>Everything went really smoothly, and I think everyone had a wonderful time.","A very significant day in my life in the last few months was my wedding day in June. We had been engaged for almost 9 months, and I had been stressfully planning for the last 9 months. <br><br>The day before the wedding started off stressful. We had an issue at the rehearsal dinner with our Officiant complaining and not being very supportive of all of the changing circumstances. He made me so mad because he was making the day all about him and how it wasn't easy for him, but it's our big day! I finally snapped, then went outside with my maid of honor to calm down. He finally apologized, then we went home to rest before the big day! <br><br>The day of the wedding I woke up early because I couldn't sleep from excitement! I went to breakfast and met my bridesmaids and mother there. I could barely eat, but managed to have a biscuit and some eggs. We then went to the salon and it took almost four hours to get all of our hair and makeup done. We had a delicious Thai lunch, which was perfect, because that's some of my favorite food. <br><br>We then got ready and headed over the venue. It was so crazy hot, so I was standing in front of the fan and putting my feet in ice water to try to stay cool! We got our photos done, behind schedule, but finally it was time to head inside for the ceremony. People started arriving, but right at the time the ceremony was supposed to start, we had a huge thunderstorm! My husband had to run around getting everyone to help bring chairs inside. <br><br>Luckily, the weather cleared shortly and we were able to get everything set up again and the ceremony started. It was beautiful, with a rainbow overhead and the bright sun coming out. Overall, it was a very special day and I'm so happy to be married now!","
The author got married on July 20th, 2019, in the LDS temple in Logan, Utah. They had a beautiful ceremony and reception in the Riverwoods conference center, where they saw friends and family they hadn't seen in a long time. The author and their husband were very happy and everything went smoothly.","The author got married in June after nine months of planning, which was stressful at times. The day before the wedding, there was an issue with the Officiant who complained about the changing circumstances, but eventually apologized. On the day of the wedding, the author woke up early, had breakfast with their bridesmaids and mother, had their hair and makeup done, and had a Thai lunch before getting ready for the ceremony. There was a thunderstorm that briefly delayed the ceremony, but it eventually proceeded and was beautiful.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.0,3.5
34,"(120, 137)","(0.553, 0.755]","So right now at this point in time there are 3 of us. My friend Matthew, my brother Jayden and Me. Why I think I'm the least favourite is because I often find them saying something and when I'm about to respond, I see that they're looking at each other, not me. <br><br>We also play basketball and we are pretty good together as a trio. But I do think they have better chemistry as well when it comes to basketball. Plus they're both better looking than me, as much as I hate to say it, its true. So just that fact makes me feel lesser than them. <br><br>I'm also an extrovert and they're more so on the introverted side. I feel like when they ask me things I can go on and on and on and on without really knowing. When I catch myself drowning them in my opinion I then have to stop and realise how annoying I really am. <br><br>I hate it because its natural, I dont know how to change the fact that I'm more of a talker than a listener. Plus I laugh a lot and make jokes a bit too much sometimes out of boredom, nervousness or just wanting to fit in. <br><br>I pray that one day I'll be better looking and have a much more interesting, listening type of personality.","I am not sure whether I'm a major introvert or what but I find it so tiring hanging out and socializing with friends. One friend, I'll call Hanna, asks to sleepover almost every weekend and a lot of the time I cancel last minute because I just do not have the energy anymore to socialize. <br><br>I've had depression for a while and I've just been overwhelmed because of school. A lot of the time I'm just numb so I have to pretend that I'm engaged in conversations and people but I'm just starting not to care about pretending anymore. <br><br>I can't and don't want to keep friends anymore. I just don't want to hurt her feelings by saying something rude and I do feel guilty for cancelling our plans last minute.","
The author feels like the least favorite in their friend group of three, consisting of their friend Matthew and their brother Jayden. They feel inferior due to their looks and their extroverted personality, which they fear can be annoying. They hope to one day have a better personality and appearance.","
The author struggles with socializing and finds it exhausting to hang out with friends, often canceling plans last minute. They attribute this to potentially being an introvert and dealing with depression and numbness. They express guilt for not wanting to keep friends but not wanting to hurt their feelings.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.5,2.5
35,"(120, 171)","(0.553, 0.755]","So right now at this point in time there are 3 of us. My friend Matthew, my brother Jayden and Me. Why I think I'm the least favourite is because I often find them saying something and when I'm about to respond, I see that they're looking at each other, not me. <br><br>We also play basketball and we are pretty good together as a trio. But I do think they have better chemistry as well when it comes to basketball. Plus they're both better looking than me, as much as I hate to say it, its true. So just that fact makes me feel lesser than them. <br><br>I'm also an extrovert and they're more so on the introverted side. I feel like when they ask me things I can go on and on and on and on without really knowing. When I catch myself drowning them in my opinion I then have to stop and realise how annoying I really am. <br><br>I hate it because its natural, I dont know how to change the fact that I'm more of a talker than a listener. Plus I laugh a lot and make jokes a bit too much sometimes out of boredom, nervousness or just wanting to fit in. <br><br>I pray that one day I'll be better looking and have a much more interesting, listening type of personality.","I went out to dinner today with my mum, my brother and his wife. My mum mentioned how grandma nearly died yesterday. Grandma lives in China and she has dementia. She was missing yesterday night and they found her wedged between a harbour and a ship. All wet, cold and injured. My mum was clearly upset but was staying strong. She said how grandma is growing old and that she doesnt remember things anymore. <br><br>At this moment, my brother was like she repeated it 4 times already. I was annoyed when he said that because of his lack of empathy. Afterwards, when my mum is finally done talking about grandma, my brother said to me and his wife in English. They should just euthanise grandma since she's so old and that she doesn't even remember who she is. I was really annoyed when he said that because of the timing. This event is still so raw. My mum is upset and I'm upset about it. <br><br>Anyways, afterwards, my mum then asked me what happened (she doesn't understand English). I told her oh my brother said to euthanise grandma. My mum got angry at my brother. My brother then started telling me off for telling my mother about. I then argued with my brother about how he's saying this stuff to get a reaction and to have your opinion rather than actually caring about mum. <br><br>My brother has always been like that. If we watch a documentary of kids starving, he'll say something like ""Well, I don't care about them because it's not me"". If we were watching something about how animals are getting killed for their skin, he'll say stuff like ""mass extinction happens all the time!"". Like he say these stuff to be witty. Anyways, he then started arguing with my mum about how he's right, saying stuff like you're stupid and stuff. My mum said grandma still wants to live. They're still arguing. <br><br>What I'm mad about is the fact that my brother clearly wants to be right rather than actually caring about his family like he claims he is.","
The author feels like the least favorite in their friend group of three, consisting of their friend Matthew and their brother Jayden. They feel inferior due to their looks and their extroverted personality, which they fear can be annoying. They hope to one day have a better personality and appearance.","
The narrator went out to dinner with their family and their mum mentioned that their grandma, who lives in China and has dementia, nearly died the day before after being found injured and wet. The narrator's brother showed a lack of empathy and suggested euthanizing their grandma. The narrator argued with their brother about his lack of care for their family and his desire to be right.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,1.5
36,"(120, 182)","(0.553, 0.755]","So right now at this point in time there are 3 of us. My friend Matthew, my brother Jayden and Me. Why I think I'm the least favourite is because I often find them saying something and when I'm about to respond, I see that they're looking at each other, not me. <br><br>We also play basketball and we are pretty good together as a trio. But I do think they have better chemistry as well when it comes to basketball. Plus they're both better looking than me, as much as I hate to say it, its true. So just that fact makes me feel lesser than them. <br><br>I'm also an extrovert and they're more so on the introverted side. I feel like when they ask me things I can go on and on and on and on without really knowing. When I catch myself drowning them in my opinion I then have to stop and realise how annoying I really am. <br><br>I hate it because its natural, I dont know how to change the fact that I'm more of a talker than a listener. Plus I laugh a lot and make jokes a bit too much sometimes out of boredom, nervousness or just wanting to fit in. <br><br>I pray that one day I'll be better looking and have a much more interesting, listening type of personality.","I know its not the coolest of hobbies but I LOVE watching movies, learning about who made them and what other works they have, how they were made, and looking for Easter eggs. <br><br>My best friend who also loves movies as much as I do lives almost a thousand miles and two states away so I can't go and see movies with her anymore. <br><br>Recently my husband bought me the unlimited Regal movie app that allows me to see as many movies as I want for free, and since today is my only day off this week, I'm taking myself out to a movie date! <br><br>My social anxiety keeps me from going to some places, but a dark movie theater where I can mow down on popcorn that I can smother with candy AND I don't have to share? Yes please and thank you. <br><br>I can't wait for 2:50.","
The author feels like the least favorite in their friend group of three, consisting of their friend Matthew and their brother Jayden. They feel inferior due to their looks and their extroverted personality, which they fear can be annoying. They hope to one day have a better personality and appearance.","
The author loves watching movies and learning about them, but their best friend lives too far away to watch movies with. Their husband recently bought them an unlimited Regal movie app, and the author is excited to take themselves on a movie date and indulge in popcorn and candy without having to share. The author is looking forward to their movie at 2:50.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
37,"(121, 208)","(0.519, 0.553]","I just moved to a new town and I absolutely love the area but I'm at a loss on how to meet people. In the past my friendships were based on being ""forced"" together like in the office or school. <br><br>I now work from home and my hobbies tend to not involve any interactions with others (hiking, kayaking, binge watching Netflix). <br><br>I also tend to be rather shy around new people so the idea of initiating conversation with someone randomly would make me anxious.","I am a medical technology student and we are studying phlebotomy this semester. My hometown is in a province but I moved to the city to study college. I don't have friends in the city and university. I also live alone. My classmates were able to practice drawing blood from their friends and roommates. I cannot practice because I do not have anyone to practice with. <br><br>I was able to talk with 4 of my classmates but they have already known each other for years so I'm a bit left out of the group. Earlier was our practical in drawing blood. It's like a demo and it's also graded. I was nervous but I remained calm. My partner drew blood from me first and she was shaking out of nervousness! Fortunately, she was able to draw blood from me. <br><br>When I was going to draw blood from her, I was surprisingly calm. I was not shaking. At first, I was not able to get the blood so I moved the needle slightly and saw the backflow of blood! I was so happy! It was the first time I drew blood! Although, my professor deducted points because I did not fill up my syringe even though I could. But still, I'm very happy because I was able to draw blood without practice and only watching my classmates do it. <br><br>If I told this to my mom, she will also be very happy!","
The author recently moved to a new town and is struggling to make friends as they work from home and their hobbies do not involve interacting with others. Their previous friendships were based on being forced together in school or work environments. Additionally, the author is shy and anxious about initiating conversations with strangers.","
A medical technology student is studying phlebotomy but has no friends or roommates to practice drawing blood on. During a practical, the student's partner was nervous but successfully drew blood from the student. The student then successfully drew blood from their partner but lost points for not filling up the syringe. Despite this, the student is happy to have successfully drawn blood without prior practice.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,3.0
38,"(121, 220)","(0.553, 0.755]","I just moved to a new town and I absolutely love the area but I'm at a loss on how to meet people. In the past my friendships were based on being ""forced"" together like in the office or school. <br><br>I now work from home and my hobbies tend to not involve any interactions with others (hiking, kayaking, binge watching Netflix). <br><br>I also tend to be rather shy around new people so the idea of initiating conversation with someone randomly would make me anxious.","I'm the president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I was born in Manhattan and I came to visit my sister, who lives in Santa Fe and I thought, well, I think I'd like to live out here. And so I found a piece of land south of town, really rural, with no electricity at the site. <br><br>So I set up a solar array, really small with some batteries and an inverter. And I said, I think that I can do this for a living. But I never intended, I never planned this at all, I just sort of fell into it. <br><br>And it was logical and it was survival honestly, so show initiative. Don't wait for someone to say, do that. Try to figure it out as you're going along to understand the whole spectrum of the project. <br><br>Because if it's already something that you think you're part way into, or that you may have some passion for, that might be your career, that might be the thing that you wanna do.","
The author recently moved to a new town and is struggling to make friends as they work from home and their hobbies do not involve interacting with others. Their previous friendships were based on being forced together in school or work environments. Additionally, the author is shy and anxious about initiating conversations with strangers.","
The president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, originally from Manhattan, found a piece of land south of town with no electricity and set up a solar array. He never planned to do this for a living but fell into it and found it logical and a means of survival. He advises others to show initiative, try to figure things out as they go along, and pursue their passions as a potential career.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.0,1.0
39,"(122, 279)","(0.553, 0.755]","I don't know if this is the norm for everyone but my social circle would usually avoid talking about financial situations. And I didn't mind that until recently. I'm still a university student while most of my friends have graduated and are working full-time. I'm paying for my own tuition and trying to get a Master degree (those aren't cheap). My waitress salary isn't the best but it covers the basic necessities with a little bit to put into savings. <br><br>My friend would usually invite to me to go out in fancy and expensive places, which I could afford once or twice but not very often. Unfortunately, sometimes I couldn't find an excuse to get out and went with it and everytime it left me drained and more stressed afterwards due to the amount of money I have wasted. <br><br>But ever since I started my new course I've had quite a tight budget so I try to save as much as I could. I'm not struggling to make ends meet but I still need to be smart with money in order to make it through university. So I would decline those hangouts and stated my intentions early on that I can't afford it. <br><br>My friend would usually brush it off as quickly as she could the moment I talked about it and somehow still insist on me going (Like I didn't say I can't afford it 2 sentences ago). Only until recently I've been informed that some don't like to talk about money as it is a sensitive topic which I have to disagree. <br><br>I'm not begging for their pity, I don't need them to sympathize with me, I only need them to understand my limits and boundaries as we all have different circumstances. Financial struggles isn't something to be ashamed about and it should be discussed between interpersonal relationships.","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","
The author's social circle usually avoids talking about financial situations, but the author is paying for their own tuition and trying to save money. The author's friend invites them to expensive places, and even though the author declines due to lack of funds, the friend insists. The author believes financial struggles should be discussed between interpersonal relationships and that they only need their friends to understand their limits and boundaries.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
40,"(123, 177)","(0.498, 0.519]","I'll be 21 this year and it just so turns out that I haven't done anything romantic in my life. Part of it is being kind of ehh in the looks department, and part of it is being shy and not having a lot of opportunities. I don't really put myself out there. <br><br>I got asked out once by one of my friends in high school and I wasn't interested so I politely told him no and he accepted and we've stayed friends. <br><br>Sometimes when people are talking about their relationships and romance stuff they want to hear me talk about it and I tell them that I've never done anything like the closest I had was getting asked out once and they act so confused like they can't believe I'm almost 21 and have never been on a date. <br><br>I've had people straight up think im lying. Other times they'll talk to me in private about it and be like ""Wait you actually haven't had your first kiss yet? You're not lying?"" No, I'm seriously not lying. Why would I lie about THAT? Wouldn't it make more sense for me to lie about having dated because it's seen as weird to not have at 21? <br><br>For the record, I do want to one day be in a relationship, but so far maybe I'm just not relationship material.","I had a childhood that pretty badly messed up a lot of things. Then as an adult my first serious relationship was abusive, my second was chaotic and my third I ended out of a misplaced self preservation instinct during the worst time of my life. <br><br>Then just as I was circling the drain I met someone. They reignited my drive to do the things I love and make the best of myself. To put it simply they made me want to be alive again. Every day became exciting, not the same slog I'd been trying to push through for so long, but just complete wonder. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop but it just built and got better and better. A few moments with them stand out as the happiest of my life. <br><br>But eventually things fell apart in stages, ending with me seeing a side of them I never knew was there. Something that touched on some very difficult things in my past and made me feel like everything had been a lie. Some very cruel things were said using vulnerabilities I had opened up to them about over years that no one else knew. <br><br>Now as I've been trying to move on from that I've come up on another issue. I just can't seem to date anymore. It was before Covid that I met them so for a while I brushed this off as just being out of practice but I realised that wasn't the problem. I have no problem getting dates, my problem is I just can't summon the interest in anyone I meet in a dating context. People I meet randomly who I've had a flicker of interest in all end up being taken and I end up feeling relieved more than disappointed. <br><br>I can't even have casual encounters because I just keep thinking about that person and I can never go through with it even when I've got people over specifically for that. I feel trapped and so very lonely. Despite everything I still find it impossible to imagine being with anyone who isn't them. <br><br>Even though I really want a relationship, I want to love and be loved but I don't know how to do that anymore. I'm exhausted.","
The author is turning 21 and has never been romantic with anyone due to being shy and not having many opportunities. Although they have been asked out before, they were not interested. People are confused and sometimes don't believe them when they share that they have never been on a date or had their first kiss. The author wants to be in a relationship someday but wonders if they are not ""relationship material.""","The author had a difficult childhood and went through several abusive or chaotic relationships as an adult. They finally found someone who made them feel alive, but the relationship fell apart when the person revealed a cruel side. Now, the author can't seem to date anyone else and can't imagine being with anyone else. They feel trapped and lonely, wanting a relationship but not knowing how to move on.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,2.5
41,"(124, 172)","(0.498, 0.519]","I don't know why, but whenever they say it to me, I smile and feel it overwhelmingly in my heart, but I can never bring myself to say it back. I just give them a hug. <br><br>They say you should always tell those you love that you love them because life is short and you never know what will happen in any given day (God forbid). <br><br>I want, more than anything, to be able to speak it but I can never bring myself to say it back. No matter how many times I tell myself ""if they say it, you got it this time"", it just never comes out. <br><br>It bothers me because I really do, and I want them to know but it's just so hard for me to verbalize it."," Battling a debt-ridden business through COVID, a recent divorce (I left my abuser) and spending endless spare times in and out of the hospital with my child, no sleep, no days off, I've felt like I've been through a lot with no help. <br><br>I went on one of those dating apps and found a girl that I got along well with. At her house we sat all night drinking during a weeknight, singing, dancing like idiots. We calmed down and just embraced each other. <br><br>She didn't know my story and softly says to me, you look tired. She knew my struggles without even knowing. She could see past the laughs and jokes and massaged my head while I just sat there with my eyes closed. <br><br>She opened up to me about her problems that she couldn't tell anyone else in the world and I shared mine with her. It's crazy how transparent we are with complete strangers. <br><br>I'll never forget those words she said, because I could tell she was genuinely worried for me. I don't know why but it's stuck with me ever since.","
The author struggles to say ""I love you"" back to those who say it to them, despite feeling it in their heart. They recognize the importance of expressing love but cannot bring themselves to say the words. It bothers them because they truly love the person and want them to know.","
A person, struggling with debt, a recent divorce, and a sick child, found solace in a girl they met on a dating app. During a night of drinking and dancing, the girl noticed the person looked tired, and offered to give them a massage. They opened up to each other, sharing their problems, and found comfort in each other's company. The person was touched by the girl's genuine concern for them and will never forget her kindness.",2,,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.5,1.5
42,"(125, 173)","(0.553, 0.755]",From a year or so after getting into a toxic relationship I have stopped feeling joy altogether. Little things that used to give me happiness just seem to be nothing. I just feel this void in my life. <br><br>I tend to seek for validation from every single person. I don't feel like I am likable or even desirable. I was never like this. I was very confident before.,"I've been with my partner for 10 years. We love each other and are committed to being with each other. But there is no spark anymore, we hardly talk and it's long distance. <br><br>I miss the feeling of texting someone new, butterflies in my tummy, waiting for texts back... that feeling of someone new. <br><br>I'll never have that again and it scares me. At the same time i can't tell him about this and i have no desire to cheat. <br><br>I feel like I'm in a little box.","
The author has lost their ability to feel joy after being in a toxic relationship for a year. They seek validation from others and no longer feel confident or desirable. Prior to the toxic relationship, they had a strong sense of confidence.","
The narrator has been in a committed, long-distance relationship for 10 years, but there is no longer any spark or communication between them. The narrator misses the feeling of texting someone new and the excitement that comes with it, but does not want to cheat or leave their partner. The narrator feels trapped and uncertain about their future.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.0
43,"(125, 181)","(0.553, 0.755]",From a year or so after getting into a toxic relationship I have stopped feeling joy altogether. Little things that used to give me happiness just seem to be nothing. I just feel this void in my life. <br><br>I tend to seek for validation from every single person. I don't feel like I am likable or even desirable. I was never like this. I was very confident before.,"There are songs that are generally motivational/moving/happy. The ones that give you a confidence boost or tell you it's going to be okay. Basically the ones that relate to mental health overall. Those songs used to make me cry and I never understood why, because they're supposed to be motivating. <br><br>I went through something really bad recently and that event kinda opened my eyes a bit, helped me learn to love myself, and helped me see things clearer. Now I'm smiling as I listen to these songs because I know I've achieved the positivity the songs promote. <br><br>And I now realize I used to cry listening to them because I was hoping for a positivity I didn't have. Loving yourself is a core part of self care and good mental health.","
The author has lost their ability to feel joy after being in a toxic relationship for a year. They seek validation from others and no longer feel confident or desirable. Prior to the toxic relationship, they had a strong sense of confidence.","
The writer used to cry listening to motivational songs because they hoped for positivity they didn't have. They recently went through a bad experience that helped them learn to love themselves and achieve the positivity promoted in the songs. The writer now understands that loving oneself is crucial for good mental health and self-care.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
44,"(127, 135)","(0.519, 0.553]","Halloween costumes are so fun. My friends and I like to do group costumes. 2 years ago we dressed up as the cast of Tiger King and that was great. We had Joe Exotic, his husband, Carole Baskin, Jeff Lowe, and a tiger. <br><br>Last year we did Peter pan and we had Peter, tinkerbell, captain hooke, smee, and the tick tock croc. <br><br>This year we want to do wrestlers but I'm having trouble deciding on a wrestler to be. Reconciling skimpy wrestler leotards with freezing cold Halloween weather is tough.","I don't know about anyone else, but September has been so rough for me. Just a lot of family drama, falling back on some bad habits, but I'm holding out for October. I feel weirdly elated for the changing of the month, I don't know why. Wake me up when September ends, am I right? <br><br>Halloween is one of my favorite holidays even though I hate horror, and autumn is my favorite season. I'm not even doing anything for Halloween, but I still feel somewhat excited, y'know? <br><br>Plus, maybe it'll finally feel like fall so I can wear all the new sweaters I got when I went thrift shopping in July with my Nana. Once I start working, I think I might go and try a pumpkin spice latte and pretend I'm a basic pinterest girl.","
The author enjoys dressing up with friends for Halloween, often in group costumes such as the cast of Tiger King and Peter Pan. This year they plan to dress up as wrestlers but are struggling to choose a wrestler to be due to the challenge of finding a costume suitable for cold weather.","
The author had a rough September with family drama and bad habits, but is looking forward to October. They enjoy Halloween and autumn, and are excited to wear new sweaters and try a pumpkin spice latte. They plan to embrace the basic pinterest girl aesthetic.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,3.0,3.0
45,"(127, 182)","(0.519, 0.553]","Halloween costumes are so fun. My friends and I like to do group costumes. 2 years ago we dressed up as the cast of Tiger King and that was great. We had Joe Exotic, his husband, Carole Baskin, Jeff Lowe, and a tiger. <br><br>Last year we did Peter pan and we had Peter, tinkerbell, captain hooke, smee, and the tick tock croc. <br><br>This year we want to do wrestlers but I'm having trouble deciding on a wrestler to be. Reconciling skimpy wrestler leotards with freezing cold Halloween weather is tough.","I know its not the coolest of hobbies but I LOVE watching movies, learning about who made them and what other works they have, how they were made, and looking for Easter eggs. <br><br>My best friend who also loves movies as much as I do lives almost a thousand miles and two states away so I can't go and see movies with her anymore. <br><br>Recently my husband bought me the unlimited Regal movie app that allows me to see as many movies as I want for free, and since today is my only day off this week, I'm taking myself out to a movie date! <br><br>My social anxiety keeps me from going to some places, but a dark movie theater where I can mow down on popcorn that I can smother with candy AND I don't have to share? Yes please and thank you. <br><br>I can't wait for 2:50.","
The author enjoys dressing up with friends for Halloween, often in group costumes such as the cast of Tiger King and Peter Pan. This year they plan to dress up as wrestlers but are struggling to choose a wrestler to be due to the challenge of finding a costume suitable for cold weather.","
The author loves watching movies and learning about them, but their best friend lives too far away to watch movies with. Their husband recently bought them an unlimited Regal movie app, and the author is excited to take themselves on a movie date and indulge in popcorn and candy without having to share. The author is looking forward to their movie at 2:50.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
46,"(128, 137)","(0.519, 0.553]","Anytime I am hanging out with friends they always have their phones out, taking pictures and videos of what we are doing and posting it on Snapchat. I am totally cool with pictures and videos as I take them myself for memories. I just don't understand posting everything you do. <br><br>Being with my friends I kinda let it slide and don't really say much other than a snarky comment from time to time. However, my Mom is the same way. She is always posting pictures any time we spend family time together, like playing a board game or something like that. <br><br>I've asked her why she does it and that I would really rather not be blasted on social media if I am just chilling at home, but she just always gets mad and says okay she won't do it anymore. Am I wrong for not wanting to be put on social media when I am just chilling at home? <br><br>At this point, I just expect it when out in public, and never say anything. I feel like being at home is different though.","I am not sure whether I'm a major introvert or what but I find it so tiring hanging out and socializing with friends. One friend, I'll call Hanna, asks to sleepover almost every weekend and a lot of the time I cancel last minute because I just do not have the energy anymore to socialize. <br><br>I've had depression for a while and I've just been overwhelmed because of school. A lot of the time I'm just numb so I have to pretend that I'm engaged in conversations and people but I'm just starting not to care about pretending anymore. <br><br>I can't and don't want to keep friends anymore. I just don't want to hurt her feelings by saying something rude and I do feel guilty for cancelling our plans last minute.","
The author is okay with taking pictures and videos for memories, but doesn't understand why people post everything they do on social media. They are uncomfortable with their mom posting pictures of them while spending family time together and have asked her to stop, but she gets defensive. The author doesn't mind being posted in public, but wants privacy at home.","
The author struggles with socializing and finds it exhausting to hang out with friends, often canceling plans last minute. They attribute this to potentially being an introvert and dealing with depression and numbness. They express guilt for not wanting to keep friends but not wanting to hurt their feelings.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
47,"(13, 154)","(0.553, 0.755]","I recently was involved in a short relationship with a wonderful man. We hit it off well and got close quickly, but it soon became very clear that he doesn't have any time for me in his life. I talked to him about how I was feeling and he tried to understand and do what he could, but ultimately there was just no way forward. <br><br>After barely hearing from him for a couple days, I messaged him to tell him that I wanted to make it work and I tried, but it was clear that it wasn't possible and I couldn't be his girlfriend. He agreed that there was nothing he could do to change his situation and how it related to me and our potential together and that it made sense to end it. <br><br>Although I wasn't expecting anything different, it hurt a lot that I could see he hadn't actually put any effort in, other than deciding to tell me he loves me, and that he so easily let go of the possibility of having any future. He was the one who insisted we try to be together, despite the obvious challenges. <br><br>I feel even more like he doesn't care about my feelings or find them valid, because I told him I was concerned we weren't on the same page since the very beginning, and he insisted we were. I cried in the bathroom at work until I could finally pull myself back together. <br><br>Meanwhile, he decided that the idea that we would be friends instead should start right away and sent me several messages complaining about his job. I had to tell him that I'm sorry he's frustrated at work and I care for him, it seemed really tone deaf at the moment and that I needed a beat before I could swoop into the role of providing him with emotional labor while getting nothing in return. I didn't say it in those words, but that's how I felt and it's just a new level of pain, because did he actually ever care, or did he just like someone caring about him? <br><br>I feel like this is just another example of the fact that I will never meet anyone and I will spend the rest of my life alone. This was the best anything I've found in three years, I don't feel good about the future. ","I'm a 26 year old woman. Apparently I'm supposed to be ""happy with myself before I'm happy with someone else"". I'm supposed to show up in this world as a functioning adult, without ever leaning on anyone, or ever needing someone to hold me at night. <br><br>But the truth is, underneath the pretence, I feel such crippling loneliness that I hold onto my pillow at night as if it were a human being. I have full blown conversations with my pillow. Much like a toddler clings to a comfort blanket when its parents are not around, I'm clinging to my pillow in the absence of a partner. <br><br>I'm just tired of feeling alone in this world, and having to do everything alone.","The author describes their short-lived relationship with a man who didn't make time for them, despite insisting on being together. The author tried to make it work but ultimately ended things, feeling hurt that the man didn't put in any effort. The man then suggested they be friends, but the author felt it was insensitive and wonders if he ever truly cared for them.","
The 26-year-old woman struggles with feeling alone and unsupported in life, despite being told she should be happy with herself before being happy with someone else. She admits to holding onto her pillow at night and having conversations with it because of the lack of a partner, comparing herself to a toddler clinging to a comfort blanket. She expresses exhaustion from having to do everything alone and wishes for more support and companionship in her life.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,3.0,3.0,2.5
48,"(13, 177)","(0.553, 0.755]","I recently was involved in a short relationship with a wonderful man. We hit it off well and got close quickly, but it soon became very clear that he doesn't have any time for me in his life. I talked to him about how I was feeling and he tried to understand and do what he could, but ultimately there was just no way forward. <br><br>After barely hearing from him for a couple days, I messaged him to tell him that I wanted to make it work and I tried, but it was clear that it wasn't possible and I couldn't be his girlfriend. He agreed that there was nothing he could do to change his situation and how it related to me and our potential together and that it made sense to end it. <br><br>Although I wasn't expecting anything different, it hurt a lot that I could see he hadn't actually put any effort in, other than deciding to tell me he loves me, and that he so easily let go of the possibility of having any future. He was the one who insisted we try to be together, despite the obvious challenges. <br><br>I feel even more like he doesn't care about my feelings or find them valid, because I told him I was concerned we weren't on the same page since the very beginning, and he insisted we were. I cried in the bathroom at work until I could finally pull myself back together. <br><br>Meanwhile, he decided that the idea that we would be friends instead should start right away and sent me several messages complaining about his job. I had to tell him that I'm sorry he's frustrated at work and I care for him, it seemed really tone deaf at the moment and that I needed a beat before I could swoop into the role of providing him with emotional labor while getting nothing in return. I didn't say it in those words, but that's how I felt and it's just a new level of pain, because did he actually ever care, or did he just like someone caring about him? <br><br>I feel like this is just another example of the fact that I will never meet anyone and I will spend the rest of my life alone. This was the best anything I've found in three years, I don't feel good about the future. ","I had a childhood that pretty badly messed up a lot of things. Then as an adult my first serious relationship was abusive, my second was chaotic and my third I ended out of a misplaced self preservation instinct during the worst time of my life. <br><br>Then just as I was circling the drain I met someone. They reignited my drive to do the things I love and make the best of myself. To put it simply they made me want to be alive again. Every day became exciting, not the same slog I'd been trying to push through for so long, but just complete wonder. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop but it just built and got better and better. A few moments with them stand out as the happiest of my life. <br><br>But eventually things fell apart in stages, ending with me seeing a side of them I never knew was there. Something that touched on some very difficult things in my past and made me feel like everything had been a lie. Some very cruel things were said using vulnerabilities I had opened up to them about over years that no one else knew. <br><br>Now as I've been trying to move on from that I've come up on another issue. I just can't seem to date anymore. It was before Covid that I met them so for a while I brushed this off as just being out of practice but I realised that wasn't the problem. I have no problem getting dates, my problem is I just can't summon the interest in anyone I meet in a dating context. People I meet randomly who I've had a flicker of interest in all end up being taken and I end up feeling relieved more than disappointed. <br><br>I can't even have casual encounters because I just keep thinking about that person and I can never go through with it even when I've got people over specifically for that. I feel trapped and so very lonely. Despite everything I still find it impossible to imagine being with anyone who isn't them. <br><br>Even though I really want a relationship, I want to love and be loved but I don't know how to do that anymore. I'm exhausted.","The author describes their short-lived relationship with a man who didn't make time for them, despite insisting on being together. The author tried to make it work but ultimately ended things, feeling hurt that the man didn't put in any effort. The man then suggested they be friends, but the author felt it was insensitive and wonders if he ever truly cared for them.","The author had a difficult childhood and went through several abusive or chaotic relationships as an adult. They finally found someone who made them feel alive, but the relationship fell apart when the person revealed a cruel side. Now, the author can't seem to date anyone else and can't imagine being with anyone else. They feel trapped and lonely, wanting a relationship but not knowing how to move on.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,3.5
49,"(130, 156)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am not hopeless, I know I can find another job if I keep trying. But I just feel really bad to spend time with my coworkers now. They are not mean or anything, we don't talk, I just feel so left out. <br><br>And this made all the recent bad memories crash in. I don't know. I just want to go home and be alone. <br><br>I have family and friends, I just don't feel the connection with them. I don't know. This hit me really bad.","I don't really know what real life friends are anymore. I had friends in elementary and middle school. I would always talk to them and we would laugh and do stuff together but we would never interact outside of school. After Covid hit most of my friends moved and anyone who stayed doesn't talk to me willingly. I don't understand why. <br><br>Thinking about it I began to realize that they weren't real friends. They were people who I interacted with just to make school bearable. I began to realize that I had no real friends and wouldn't have any for the rest of my school life. People say your high school years are your best years but that hasn't been the case. <br><br>I have become the really quiet kid who literally only spoke if he had to. I actively try to make sure no one knows who I am and hope no one will remember me. I feel empty and can't imagine having friends in real life again. <br><br>I have online friends and have known them for years. They are the best thing to ever happen to me but I don't think I'll ever be able meet them in real life due to real life being a monster, money reasons and me being young. So I'm stuck here wondering if I'm going to be alone. If my online friends will eventually move on and I'll be completely alone. <br><br>I feel I will forget what having friends is like and what a friend is. I can already imagine sitting in a dimly lit apartment and staring at the ceiling, empty, alone, and wondering what the point of everything is. I wouldn't cry though because I am actively losing the ability to. <br><br>I just wonder if I will at least have friends in the future or if I will be completely alone, a shell doing stuff on autopilot.","
The person is feeling down about their job and feels left out from their coworkers. This has triggered bad memories and they just want to be alone. They have family and friends but don't feel connected to them.","The author reflects on their lack of real-life friends since childhood, realizing that their school friends were merely acquaintances. They have become a quiet and withdrawn person, feeling empty and unable to imagine having friends again. While they have online friends, they fear that they will eventually be alone and forget what it means to have friends.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,4.0,3.5
50,"(130, 175)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am not hopeless, I know I can find another job if I keep trying. But I just feel really bad to spend time with my coworkers now. They are not mean or anything, we don't talk, I just feel so left out. <br><br>And this made all the recent bad memories crash in. I don't know. I just want to go home and be alone. <br><br>I have family and friends, I just don't feel the connection with them. I don't know. This hit me really bad.","I'm a 1st yaer college student now and it's been weeks since the classes started. I'm anxious because my classmates seem to know a LOT more than what I expected. I have ZERO friends (I tried to socialize but the vibe isn't there). <br><br>It gets so lonely at lunch, I don't know how it'll pan out for me for the next 3 years of college. I can't even cry because I feel so ungrateful for the equipments and support my parents are giving me, I often feel like this is not my life to live in. Like, someone out there deserves this life more than me. <br><br>I guess I hate myself somehow for not excelling in academics. I need someone but I don't know who I need.","
The person is feeling down about their job and feels left out from their coworkers. This has triggered bad memories and they just want to be alone. They have family and friends but don't feel connected to them.","
The college student is struggling with anxiety and loneliness as they feel their classmates are more knowledgeable than expected and they have not made any friends. They feel guilty for feeling this way as their parents are supportive and they have good equipment. The student hates themselves for not doing better academically and wishes for someone to help them.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,3.5,2.5
51,"(131, 132)","(0.519, 0.553]"," Recently I was watching I survived: Beyond and Back on Hulu, a show about near death experiences, and these people often report seeing loved ones who have already passed on. Their parents, their aunts and uncles, their ex spouse, a close friend, etc. <br><br>Based on these experiences some people have had, it seems that when you die, usually someone you knew in life who has already passed on comes to guide you to the afterlife. I sometimes wonder who I will see. <br><br>It might be someone who you don't really think about, because maybe they didn't play a huge role in your life, but maybe you made a big difference in theirs, and so they want to be the first to welcome you.","I work remotely, and I'm an extrovert who loves people watching. As such, a couple of times a week I go to the mall and sit at the Starbucks near me. Today, a stranger walked in and ordered their drink and sat down at their table. The place was super busy so I never gave it a second thought, however the way this person was sitting looked a bit odd. <br><br>I looked at them a little closer (in a non-obvious way) and noticed that they were covering their face with their hands and were desperately trying to hold back tears. I felt terrible for this person and after thinking about it for a few minutes, I decided I'd get them a doughnut or a cookie or something to try and cheer them up. <br><br>So I got up and went to another shop, and while I was there I wrote on a piece of paper: ""Hey, I noticed that you don't seem okay. Whatever it is that's bothering you, I hope it gets better and you feel better soon. Here's a cookie, hopefully it helps you feel better! P.S Sorry if this is awkward. <br><br>Well just as I went back to Starbucks to try and give it to them, they were gone. At some point between me thinking I should do something and actually doing it, they got up and left. I feel so terrible right now. I feel so bad for that person, I don't know what they were going through but it didn't look like it was good. <br><br>If only I had acted a bit quicker I might have been able to make a difference, no matter how small. I feel really heartbroken. I just hope they're okay wherever they are and that they feel better soon.","
The article discusses near-death experiences and how people often report seeing loved ones who have already passed on. Based on these experiences, it seems that someone you knew in life who has already passed on comes to guide you to the afterlife. The author wonders who they will see and suggests that it may be someone who they didn't think about but made a big difference in their life.","The author works remotely and likes people watching, so they often go to the mall and sit at Starbucks. One day, they noticed a stranger sitting at a table and crying. The author decided to buy them a cookie and wrote a note, but when they returned to Starbucks, the stranger had already left, leaving the author feeling heartbroken for not acting quicker to help.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
52,"(132, 137)","(0.553, 0.755]","I work remotely, and I'm an extrovert who loves people watching. As such, a couple of times a week I go to the mall and sit at the Starbucks near me. Today, a stranger walked in and ordered their drink and sat down at their table. The place was super busy so I never gave it a second thought, however the way this person was sitting looked a bit odd. <br><br>I looked at them a little closer (in a non-obvious way) and noticed that they were covering their face with their hands and were desperately trying to hold back tears. I felt terrible for this person and after thinking about it for a few minutes, I decided I'd get them a doughnut or a cookie or something to try and cheer them up. <br><br>So I got up and went to another shop, and while I was there I wrote on a piece of paper: ""Hey, I noticed that you don't seem okay. Whatever it is that's bothering you, I hope it gets better and you feel better soon. Here's a cookie, hopefully it helps you feel better! P.S Sorry if this is awkward. <br><br>Well just as I went back to Starbucks to try and give it to them, they were gone. At some point between me thinking I should do something and actually doing it, they got up and left. I feel so terrible right now. I feel so bad for that person, I don't know what they were going through but it didn't look like it was good. <br><br>If only I had acted a bit quicker I might have been able to make a difference, no matter how small. I feel really heartbroken. I just hope they're okay wherever they are and that they feel better soon.","I am not sure whether I'm a major introvert or what but I find it so tiring hanging out and socializing with friends. One friend, I'll call Hanna, asks to sleepover almost every weekend and a lot of the time I cancel last minute because I just do not have the energy anymore to socialize. <br><br>I've had depression for a while and I've just been overwhelmed because of school. A lot of the time I'm just numb so I have to pretend that I'm engaged in conversations and people but I'm just starting not to care about pretending anymore. <br><br>I can't and don't want to keep friends anymore. I just don't want to hurt her feelings by saying something rude and I do feel guilty for cancelling our plans last minute.","The author works remotely and likes people watching, so they often go to the mall and sit at Starbucks. One day, they noticed a stranger sitting at a table and crying. The author decided to buy them a cookie and wrote a note, but when they returned to Starbucks, the stranger had already left, leaving the author feeling heartbroken for not acting quicker to help.","
The author struggles with socializing and finds it exhausting to hang out with friends, often canceling plans last minute. They attribute this to potentially being an introvert and dealing with depression and numbness. They express guilt for not wanting to keep friends but not wanting to hurt their feelings.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,3.0,2.5
53,"(132, 161)","(0.553, 0.755]","I work remotely, and I'm an extrovert who loves people watching. As such, a couple of times a week I go to the mall and sit at the Starbucks near me. Today, a stranger walked in and ordered their drink and sat down at their table. The place was super busy so I never gave it a second thought, however the way this person was sitting looked a bit odd. <br><br>I looked at them a little closer (in a non-obvious way) and noticed that they were covering their face with their hands and were desperately trying to hold back tears. I felt terrible for this person and after thinking about it for a few minutes, I decided I'd get them a doughnut or a cookie or something to try and cheer them up. <br><br>So I got up and went to another shop, and while I was there I wrote on a piece of paper: ""Hey, I noticed that you don't seem okay. Whatever it is that's bothering you, I hope it gets better and you feel better soon. Here's a cookie, hopefully it helps you feel better! P.S Sorry if this is awkward. <br><br>Well just as I went back to Starbucks to try and give it to them, they were gone. At some point between me thinking I should do something and actually doing it, they got up and left. I feel so terrible right now. I feel so bad for that person, I don't know what they were going through but it didn't look like it was good. <br><br>If only I had acted a bit quicker I might have been able to make a difference, no matter how small. I feel really heartbroken. I just hope they're okay wherever they are and that they feel better soon.","Before I went through my trauma, I cared about every little thing people said or thought about me. I cared about life and thought life had meaning and I played an important role. But after growing up and going through hard times, I just stopped caring. In some ways, I feel like I'm better. I'm not anxious anymore, I don't let what other people say get to me, I help people without getting personally invested. <br><br>It's not like I don't care at all, but it's not enough. But through this apathy, I realize I hurt my partner, my friends and family (and even implicitly my coworkers and other peers). I unintentionally became a bit of an asshole because I believe that my words and actions ultimately dont affect anyone because they don't respect or care about me enough for it to affect them. <br><br>I don't share significant parts of my life and I keep everything to myself because I believe that people don't care about me. I know now that this is a response to my past experiences and I'm trying to be better but it's so hard. Because letting yourself feel again is scarier than losing people.","The author works remotely and likes people watching, so they often go to the mall and sit at Starbucks. One day, they noticed a stranger sitting at a table and crying. The author decided to buy them a cookie and wrote a note, but when they returned to Starbucks, the stranger had already left, leaving the author feeling heartbroken for not acting quicker to help.","
The author used to care a lot about what people thought of them, but after going through trauma, they stopped caring and became apathetic. However, this caused them to unintentionally hurt their loved ones and they realized that they need to be better. They struggle with letting themselves feel again because it's scary.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,2.0
54,"(132, 169)","(0.553, 0.755]","I work remotely, and I'm an extrovert who loves people watching. As such, a couple of times a week I go to the mall and sit at the Starbucks near me. Today, a stranger walked in and ordered their drink and sat down at their table. The place was super busy so I never gave it a second thought, however the way this person was sitting looked a bit odd. <br><br>I looked at them a little closer (in a non-obvious way) and noticed that they were covering their face with their hands and were desperately trying to hold back tears. I felt terrible for this person and after thinking about it for a few minutes, I decided I'd get them a doughnut or a cookie or something to try and cheer them up. <br><br>So I got up and went to another shop, and while I was there I wrote on a piece of paper: ""Hey, I noticed that you don't seem okay. Whatever it is that's bothering you, I hope it gets better and you feel better soon. Here's a cookie, hopefully it helps you feel better! P.S Sorry if this is awkward. <br><br>Well just as I went back to Starbucks to try and give it to them, they were gone. At some point between me thinking I should do something and actually doing it, they got up and left. I feel so terrible right now. I feel so bad for that person, I don't know what they were going through but it didn't look like it was good. <br><br>If only I had acted a bit quicker I might have been able to make a difference, no matter how small. I feel really heartbroken. I just hope they're okay wherever they are and that they feel better soon.","About two years ago, I developed a connection with someone I met through Reddit, and we pretty quickly shifted our conversations off of Reddit. We chatted and stuff pretty much every day for several months. <br><br>I made a lot of mistakes that ended up pushing that person away. I know it is what it is, though. There's nothing to be done about it now. <br><br>I've just been in a reflective mood lately, and I got to thinking about how much I enjoyed that connection, because I haven't had anything like that since, and I just miss it.","The author works remotely and likes people watching, so they often go to the mall and sit at Starbucks. One day, they noticed a stranger sitting at a table and crying. The author decided to buy them a cookie and wrote a note, but when they returned to Starbucks, the stranger had already left, leaving the author feeling heartbroken for not acting quicker to help.","
The author connected with someone on Reddit and they moved their conversations off the platform. They talked every day for several months but the author made mistakes that pushed the person away. The author misses the connection and has been reflecting on it lately.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.5,2.5
55,"(133, 175)","(0.48, 0.498]","So just an hour ago I received a notification from my school that my class will start our new semester today and we'll have to study online. Doesn't sound bad at all until I remembered that the school staff told us way back in August (when the last semester ended) that the new semester wouldn't begin until November, and that we'd go to school as normal. <br><br>After reading this I was terrified, like full on panicked. I began refreshing the facebook page where I received the news over and over again, went to recheck my emails multiple time, digging up old notifications to see if there were any mistakes. There weren't so I went back and saw that our class was full of students, and then it clicked. <br><br>You see, the reason I had to wait for a few months to continued studying in the first place was because too many people had dropped out of my class, and the school had to close it until more people has joined. The moment we had enough students for the class again, they reopened it and didn't inform anyone until the very last minute. <br><br>But knowing this didn't help me calm down at all, instead I just got more panicked. I know I shouldn't be worrying over such an unwanted but ultimately minor surprise, but I just can't stop.","I'm a 1st yaer college student now and it's been weeks since the classes started. I'm anxious because my classmates seem to know a LOT more than what I expected. I have ZERO friends (I tried to socialize but the vibe isn't there). <br><br>It gets so lonely at lunch, I don't know how it'll pan out for me for the next 3 years of college. I can't even cry because I feel so ungrateful for the equipments and support my parents are giving me, I often feel like this is not my life to live in. Like, someone out there deserves this life more than me. <br><br>I guess I hate myself somehow for not excelling in academics. I need someone but I don't know who I need.","
The narrator received a notification that their class would start a new semester online, but was confused because they were told the new semester wouldn't begin until November. After checking multiple sources, they realized that the class had been closed due to too many dropouts and reopened once enough students had joined. Despite understanding the situation, the narrator still felt panicked and couldn't calm down.","
The college student is struggling with anxiety and loneliness as they feel their classmates are more knowledgeable than expected and they have not made any friends. They feel guilty for feeling this way as their parents are supportive and they have good equipment. The student hates themselves for not doing better academically and wishes for someone to help them.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.0,3.0,2.0
56,"(133, 184)","(0.48, 0.498]","So just an hour ago I received a notification from my school that my class will start our new semester today and we'll have to study online. Doesn't sound bad at all until I remembered that the school staff told us way back in August (when the last semester ended) that the new semester wouldn't begin until November, and that we'd go to school as normal. <br><br>After reading this I was terrified, like full on panicked. I began refreshing the facebook page where I received the news over and over again, went to recheck my emails multiple time, digging up old notifications to see if there were any mistakes. There weren't so I went back and saw that our class was full of students, and then it clicked. <br><br>You see, the reason I had to wait for a few months to continued studying in the first place was because too many people had dropped out of my class, and the school had to close it until more people has joined. The moment we had enough students for the class again, they reopened it and didn't inform anyone until the very last minute. <br><br>But knowing this didn't help me calm down at all, instead I just got more panicked. I know I shouldn't be worrying over such an unwanted but ultimately minor surprise, but I just can't stop.","I'm a first year college student and I was so anxious about finals and stressed out over studying. There were nights I was staying up until 2 AM studying for my tests and reading things. I had no idea what to expect for finals week except what I had seen online and how my friends who are upperclassmen described it. <br><br>Finals were simultaneously what I was and wasn't expecting. I knew they would be challenging given how my midterms were, but I wasn't expecting the whole ordeal to be so stressful, especially the week prior to finals. There were times I considered giving up and dropping out I was so stressed out! <br><br>But thanks to the awesome support team that I have on campus and at home, I was able to push through it all and now I'm finally done! It feels so good to be able to relax and enjoy the holidays with my family! I can't wait to catch up with my old friends!","
The narrator received a notification that their class would start a new semester online, but was confused because they were told the new semester wouldn't begin until November. After checking multiple sources, they realized that the class had been closed due to too many dropouts and reopened once enough students had joined. Despite understanding the situation, the narrator still felt panicked and couldn't calm down.","
A first-year college student was anxious and stressed about finals, often studying until 2 AM. Although they expected the exams to be challenging, they were surprised by the level of stress leading up to them. With the help of their support system, the student was able to push through and is now relieved to be finished and ready to enjoy the holidays.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
57,"(134, 171)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was at the checkout this morning, waiting behind a mom and her 4/5 year old daughter. She had a cart full of Halloween decorations. Cutesy things like plush pumpkins and wreaths and scarecrows. The mom was at the end of the counter sorting out her reusable shopping bags. <br><br>The child was unloading the cart. She was just jumping with excitement. The level in the cart got so low that the kid couldn't reach over the edge. So she did what any kid would do. She climbed the side. The cart started to tip, so I reached out to steady it. <br><br>I guess Mom caught my movement out of the corner of her eye, because she whipped around, grabbed the kid, and started scolding her. Which, understandable. I startled her and her kid scared her. She stands the kid on the ground and starts emptying the cart. <br><br>And this is where it starts to go off the rails.....The kid is watching with such a look of longing on her face. It was pitiful. The mom completely ignores her. Like she's not even there. Now, me. I would've done one of two or three things. I would've braced that cart with my feet and invited her to climb on up and have at it. Or picked the kid up and put her in the cart so she could hand things out. Or, at the very least, handed the things from the cart to the kid to put on the counter. <br><br>So, when the mom turns towards the cashier, the kid starts climbing the cart again. Mom catches her again and scolds more harshly. Now the kid is standing there, staring at the floor, trying not to cry. Mom is doing the ignoring thing again. I'm trying not to notice. <br><br>Then, the thing that absolutely burned my bacon...Last thing mom picked up out of the cart is this gorgeous child's Halloween mask. It's got fake painted lashes and adorable makeup and is trimmed around the edges with fluffy little feathers. Mom holds it in her hand, looks at the kid and says, ""You didn't really want this anyway, did you?"" In this bored, mean girl kind of voice. <br><br>And the kid just looks at the mask. Follows with her eyes as mom puts it back on the shelf. I've never wanted to slap someone so much in my life. Poor kid.","I went out to dinner today with my mum, my brother and his wife. My mum mentioned how grandma nearly died yesterday. Grandma lives in China and she has dementia. She was missing yesterday night and they found her wedged between a harbour and a ship. All wet, cold and injured. My mum was clearly upset but was staying strong. She said how grandma is growing old and that she doesnt remember things anymore. <br><br>At this moment, my brother was like she repeated it 4 times already. I was annoyed when he said that because of his lack of empathy. Afterwards, when my mum is finally done talking about grandma, my brother said to me and his wife in English. They should just euthanise grandma since she's so old and that she doesn't even remember who she is. I was really annoyed when he said that because of the timing. This event is still so raw. My mum is upset and I'm upset about it. <br><br>Anyways, afterwards, my mum then asked me what happened (she doesn't understand English). I told her oh my brother said to euthanise grandma. My mum got angry at my brother. My brother then started telling me off for telling my mother about. I then argued with my brother about how he's saying this stuff to get a reaction and to have your opinion rather than actually caring about mum. <br><br>My brother has always been like that. If we watch a documentary of kids starving, he'll say something like ""Well, I don't care about them because it's not me"". If we were watching something about how animals are getting killed for their skin, he'll say stuff like ""mass extinction happens all the time!"". Like he say these stuff to be witty. Anyways, he then started arguing with my mum about how he's right, saying stuff like you're stupid and stuff. My mum said grandma still wants to live. They're still arguing. <br><br>What I'm mad about is the fact that my brother clearly wants to be right rather than actually caring about his family like he claims he is.","A mother and her young daughter were at the checkout with a cart full of Halloween decorations. The daughter was excitedly unloading the cart and climbed the side of it, causing it to tip. The mother scolded the child and then ignored her as she longingly watched the items being emptied from the cart. The mother then cruelly told the child that she didn't really want a beautiful Halloween mask, causing the child to look crestfallen.","
The narrator went out to dinner with their family and their mum mentioned that their grandma, who lives in China and has dementia, nearly died the day before after being found injured and wet. The narrator's brother showed a lack of empathy and suggested euthanizing their grandma. The narrator argued with their brother about his lack of care for their family and his desire to be right.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
58,"(135, 189)","(0.519, 0.553]","I don't know about anyone else, but September has been so rough for me. Just a lot of family drama, falling back on some bad habits, but I'm holding out for October. I feel weirdly elated for the changing of the month, I don't know why. Wake me up when September ends, am I right? <br><br>Halloween is one of my favorite holidays even though I hate horror, and autumn is my favorite season. I'm not even doing anything for Halloween, but I still feel somewhat excited, y'know? <br><br>Plus, maybe it'll finally feel like fall so I can wear all the new sweaters I got when I went thrift shopping in July with my Nana. Once I start working, I think I might go and try a pumpkin spice latte and pretend I'm a basic pinterest girl.","This morning, I found out I am going to my first public school, which is within a biking distance from my house. After finding this out, I discover that tomorrow, I must awaken in the morning 1 hour earlier than usual as to prepare for my day because I am getting contacts tomorrow, and my glasses come in next week. I will finally be able to see! <br><br>After that whole thing, I felt amazing and decided to get stuff done, and I believe I was quite productive. After that, I rode my bicycle and got to pet 10 dogs They were all very happy to sniff me and lick me, and I was very happy to scratch behind their ears and give them my complete attention. <br><br>After petting the 6th fur angel, I found a really cool looking tree that looked like an umbrella, but completely natural, dome shape and all. I sat under said tree and became very happy. <br><br>On my way home, I did not have issues riding up the extremely steep hill which I normally ride down, and made it home, where I cooked some rice, did more school work, and was snuggled by my dog. <br><br>All in all, I hope tomorrow is just as great, because I am now in a positive mood and do not ever want the happiness to end!","
The author had a rough September with family drama and bad habits, but is looking forward to October. They enjoy Halloween and autumn, and are excited to wear new sweaters and try a pumpkin spice latte. They plan to embrace the basic pinterest girl aesthetic.","
The narrator found out they're going to a new public school close by, and they're getting contacts tomorrow. They felt amazing and were productive before petting 10 dogs and finding a cool looking tree. They made it home, did some school work, and snuggled with their dog, hoping for another great day tomorrow.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,3.5,2.5
59,"(136, 137)","(0.498, 0.519]","I'm in a three piece psych rock band and we've finally been going out and playing shows locally. However, a friend of ours who's been supportive of us keeps mentioning to me that he started learning bass recently and is interested in playing for us. To be honest, I'm pretty happy with our line up right now and I'm not really looking to recruit more people than we need. I appreciate his enthusiasm but it always irks me that some people who have little to no experience try to invite themselves in the band especially when we never asked them to join in the first place. <br><br>I've had this happen a few times over the years and it's always uncomfortable to deal with. I just really don't want to have to take time out of our rehearsals to make sure this guy is up to speed and having to help him along the way. We need experienced people who know what they're doing. I've been playing guitar/bass for 10 plus years and didn't even start playing in bands until 3 years ago. I don't know how he expects to keep up considering he just started learning a few months ago. <br><br>Maybe I'm just way too polite but I don't know how to break it to this guy without coming across as rude or mean. When he's asked me about coming to rehearsals or learning songs I'll give something along the lines of a maybe which probably doesn't help the situation much.","I am not sure whether I'm a major introvert or what but I find it so tiring hanging out and socializing with friends. One friend, I'll call Hanna, asks to sleepover almost every weekend and a lot of the time I cancel last minute because I just do not have the energy anymore to socialize. <br><br>I've had depression for a while and I've just been overwhelmed because of school. A lot of the time I'm just numb so I have to pretend that I'm engaged in conversations and people but I'm just starting not to care about pretending anymore. <br><br>I can't and don't want to keep friends anymore. I just don't want to hurt her feelings by saying something rude and I do feel guilty for cancelling our plans last minute.","
The author's band is finally playing shows locally, but a friend who recently started learning bass is interested in playing with them. The author is happy with their current lineup and doesn't want to recruit more people, especially those with little to no experience. The author is struggling with how to break the news to their friend without being rude or mean.","
The author struggles with socializing and finds it exhausting to hang out with friends, often canceling plans last minute. They attribute this to potentially being an introvert and dealing with depression and numbness. They express guilt for not wanting to keep friends but not wanting to hurt their feelings.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.0
60,"(137, 203)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am not sure whether I'm a major introvert or what but I find it so tiring hanging out and socializing with friends. One friend, I'll call Hanna, asks to sleepover almost every weekend and a lot of the time I cancel last minute because I just do not have the energy anymore to socialize. <br><br>I've had depression for a while and I've just been overwhelmed because of school. A lot of the time I'm just numb so I have to pretend that I'm engaged in conversations and people but I'm just starting not to care about pretending anymore. <br><br>I can't and don't want to keep friends anymore. I just don't want to hurt her feelings by saying something rude and I do feel guilty for cancelling our plans last minute.","I grew up playing an all-girls' sport. I never was really friends with the other girls because they were always talking about boys and makeup and drama while I was always more focused on my grades, college, or reading.I didn't dislike any of them, just always felt out of the loop and disconnected. I was homeschooled so my only interaction with other people my age was these eight or so girls who hung out all the time and never invited me. They weren't always trying to be mean but they were always closer with each other because they shared common interests. <br><br>I would try to not let it get to me, but it always hurt that everyone seemed to always have someone to talk to and I had nobody. My mom always told me I would find my group eventually and it would just make the friendship that much more valuable. <br><br>Well, I finally found my group. It's a strange friend group but I feel connected. And on top of that, I actually have a best friend! I started a new sport last year and found I had a lot more in common with my training partners. Granted, most of them are a good ten to twenty years older than I am but we're all really close and talk a lot. <br><br>I also have someone to call my best friend! I never would have imagined someone like her actually being friends with me. She likes dressing up and going out, is extroverted, optimistic, a go with the flow kind of person, and isn't super competitive. I, on the other hand, hate shopping/dressing up, view myself as a nerd, am a little more negative, feel the need to plan everything down to the minute, and am super competitive to the point where I spend all my free time training. She also is a very touchy-feely person, whereas I am not so much. <br><br>Recently, we became very close to the point where she will sometimes refuse to go places with the rest of the friend group if I'm not able to go because she feels closer to me than the others. The other day, she mentioned that she got me something small for my birthday and I am so happy. She actually remembered my birthday after I only mentioned it once and, as if just remembering it weren't enough, felt the need to get me something. <br><br>I cannot believe how lucky I am to have found someone who values me as a person and the friendship doesn't feel one sided!","
The author struggles with socializing and finds it exhausting to hang out with friends, often canceling plans last minute. They attribute this to potentially being an introvert and dealing with depression and numbness. They express guilt for not wanting to keep friends but not wanting to hurt their feelings.","The author grew up playing an all-girls' sport but never felt connected to the other girls because of their different interests. Despite feeling left out, the author's mom told them they would eventually find their group. The author finally found their group and even a best friend through a new sport, despite having different interests and personalities.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.0,1.5
61,"(137, 212)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am not sure whether I'm a major introvert or what but I find it so tiring hanging out and socializing with friends. One friend, I'll call Hanna, asks to sleepover almost every weekend and a lot of the time I cancel last minute because I just do not have the energy anymore to socialize. <br><br>I've had depression for a while and I've just been overwhelmed because of school. A lot of the time I'm just numb so I have to pretend that I'm engaged in conversations and people but I'm just starting not to care about pretending anymore. <br><br>I can't and don't want to keep friends anymore. I just don't want to hurt her feelings by saying something rude and I do feel guilty for cancelling our plans last minute.","I'm somewhere on the spectrum of being a hoarder. I have severe hyperempathy for inanimate objects, including clothes, stuffed animals, toys, books, and a lot more. It's close to impossible for me to throw these things away or even donate them. I also have depression and I'm physically disabled, so cleaning is very hard on me and I have very little motivation. <br><br>I buy things that I don't need and then throw them on one of the piles in my room and forget about them. I hoard yarn, I have so much that I've never used. My room was a death trap. The worst part was a very old extension cord/power strip buried in yarn and general trash. I couldn't see the floor in almost the entire room. I had to wipe my feet off to get in bed because just walking through my room got so much dirt on them. It smelled really bad and there was trash everywhere. It was such a fire hazard. Not even getting into the bugs. <br><br>Today I finished my final exams and since my ADHD meds hadn't worn off I was really motivated, so I started cleaning my room. I can actually see the floor!! I've found so many things and I feel so much safer because I got all the stuff cleared out from around that power strip. <br><br>I still have a long way to go, I'm taking a break right now, but I'm so proud of myself. I've filled up three big trash bags and I'm working on a fourth, and I have another bag full of clothes to donate. I'm probably going to crash pretty bad later, but I have tomorrow off work too so it'll be okay. I've been needing to do this for a really long time. It's not going to be perfect but it's a lot safer and I feel a lot better and that's what matters.","
The author struggles with socializing and finds it exhausting to hang out with friends, often canceling plans last minute. They attribute this to potentially being an introvert and dealing with depression and numbness. They express guilt for not wanting to keep friends but not wanting to hurt their feelings.","The author admits to being a hoarder and having severe hyperempathy for inanimate objects. Cleaning is difficult due to depression and physical disability. After finishing final exams and feeling motivated, the author began cleaning their room, making progress by filling several trash bags and donating clothes, although there is still more work to be done.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.5,2.0
62,"(138, 207)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Every day before going to bed, I make big plans for tomorrow, but the next day I do nothing again. In the evening, I am sure that tomorrow I will do everything that I have planned for a long time. <br><br>I schedule my schedule by the minute. But tomorrow comes and again I have a thousand reasons to do nothing again. I myself am already tired of this, but I can not break out of this vicious circle. ","I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","
The author makes ambitious plans for the next day but fails to follow through with them. Despite meticulously scheduling their time, they find themselves unable to break out of a cycle of procrastination. The author is frustrated with their inability to change their habits.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,2.0,2.0
63,"(139, 175)","(0.465, 0.48]","I feel tired now and wanted to have short conversations. Theres an hour of time saving here, which makes it night already even though it is still bright outside. <br><br>I feel soo tired of work. Dont feel like making friends like my classmates. <br><br>Kind of annoying to have online classes even though no one cares about Covid here.","I'm a 1st yaer college student now and it's been weeks since the classes started. I'm anxious because my classmates seem to know a LOT more than what I expected. I have ZERO friends (I tried to socialize but the vibe isn't there). <br><br>It gets so lonely at lunch, I don't know how it'll pan out for me for the next 3 years of college. I can't even cry because I feel so ungrateful for the equipments and support my parents are giving me, I often feel like this is not my life to live in. Like, someone out there deserves this life more than me. <br><br>I guess I hate myself somehow for not excelling in academics. I need someone but I don't know who I need.","
The narrator is tired and wants short conversations. They mention that there is an hour of time-saving, making it night even though it is still bright outside. They express a dislike for work and online classes, and have no interest in making friends with their classmates.","
The college student is struggling with anxiety and loneliness as they feel their classmates are more knowledgeable than expected and they have not made any friends. They feel guilty for feeling this way as their parents are supportive and they have good equipment. The student hates themselves for not doing better academically and wishes for someone to help them.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,2.0,2.5
64,"(14, 15)","(0.553, 0.755]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","Six months ago I graduated from college. This moment was memorable because I was finally closing a chapter in my life that had taken so much of my time. I remember getting ready that day. I woke up early because I wanted to do my hair and makeup. I wanted to have the time to make it perfect. But, I quickly realized not everything was going to turn out perfect when my hair would just not curl. <br><br>The time was already to go and I didn't have my dress on or my makeup up done. As the clock zoomed by, I was in a crying fit as my mom rushed me into my dress and I walked to the car with no shoes on and no makeup. Already a day I had dreamed about, planned out so perfectly was already ruined. I knew it I could feel it deep in my gut. <br><br>The icing on the cake was when I arrived to the arena in my four inch heels and realized the floor was completely concrete, and I would have to stand for hours on it. This day could not have turned out worse. I just wanted to go home and get my diploma in the mail. <br><br>I realized this event was not for me. I wasn't doing it for me. I was just happy to graduate and wanted to take a nap after a long 18 credit semester. I was doing all this for my family. But this moment made me realize that moments you dream about don't always turn out as planned.","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","
The author graduated from college six months ago, which was memorable but not as perfect as planned. Despite waking up early to do her hair and makeup, things didn't go as planned, and she ended up rushing with no shoes or makeup. She realized that the event was not for her but for her family, and that sometimes, dream moments don't turn out as expected.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,1.5,1.5
65,"(14, 16)","(0.553, 0.755]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","The biggest thing to happen to me is finding out I am going to be a father. My wife and I had been trying to conceive a child for sometime now. But we hadn't had much success. However, we found out in march that we were pregnant! I can't begin to describe the excitement that I felt when I found out we were having a baby. I was so happy to find this news out as was my family! <br><br>Then a couple months later we found out we were having a girl!! At first I was scared because being a guy I knew I didn't know all the ins and outs of what a girl goes through. The one thing I knew for sure was that there was nobody that would love this girl more than I do! I can't wait for her to get here. <br><br>My wife and I decided on a name right away. We came to the decision rather easily without much fuss. It's a name that we have liked for some time now. My mom is also very excited about it, because my nieces from my sister are getting older now. So it'll be nice for her to have a baby to care for. <br><br>Again this is probably the biggest moment of my life let alone the last 6 months.","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","The writer and his wife had been trying to conceive for some time and were thrilled to find out they were pregnant in March, and even more excited when they found out they were having a girl. They quickly decided on a name and are looking forward to welcoming their daughter into the world. This is the biggest moment of the writer's life in the last 6 months.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.5,1.5
66,"(14, 30)","(0.553, 0.755]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","My wedding was on July 31st of this year. It was absolutely magical. We had rented a ranch in Colorado surrounded by mountains for the week for our family and friends to stay at. This was also the place where we held our wedding ceremony and reception. <br><br>It felt more special than any other wedding because it was mine and I was surrounded by the people who mattered most to not only me but my husband. We had the ceremony in the backyard of the ranch, overlooking the mountains next to us. We could hear the river flowing below us as we recited our vows we wrote to each other. I will never forget seeing my husband’s face when I walked to him down the aisle. I knew I was marrying the right man when I took the tears from his eyes. <br><br>The most magical part of the wedding was after our ceremony. We just barely had enough time to finish family photos before it started to rain over the mountains. We all ran inside and then to the pavilion. I remember standing there looking at the rain coming over the mountains and I was in awe. <br><br>Standing there with my family and friends and new husband meant the world to me because I had just started the new chapter of my life and I had them all with me. The rain was breathtaking. I knew the rain signified that our relationship would last through anything and I constantly look back at that moment as my favorite. <br><br>We had spent months and years planning this wedding and it was definitely the most significant aspect of my life to date. I would love to write about this event in the future.","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","
The author got married on July 31st at a rented ranch in Colorado surrounded by mountains with family and friends. The ceremony took place in the backyard of the ranch overlooking the mountains with recited vows. The most magical part of the wedding was standing with family and friends and new husband watching the rain come over the mountains which signified that their relationship would last through anything.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.0
67,"(14, 46)","(0.553, 0.755]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","Today I got to take part in a celebration to mark Nick & Bec's 20 Anniversary. I was asked to be part of the ceremony by writing and presenting 5 Haikus about their relationship. When I got to the party, I was amazed at the number of old friends of mine that were also attending the event. I knew at least 45 of the 50 or so attendees, although there were some folks I hadn't seen in years. The party gave me an unexpeected chance to catch up with so many of these old friends. It was so nice to see so many people I love and to get to celebrate one of my favorite couples with them all. <br><br>It also was very energizing to have so many friends together and it made me feel very happy and grateful I have so many amazing people in my life. It's hard not to be happy when you realized you are so blessed. <br><br>The ceremony itself was beautiful. Both the bride and groom looked lovely and were happy and upbeat. Everyone seemed to be in a great and appreciative mood and the ceremony went off without a hitch. My haikus were well received, and people laughed and ""ahhhed"" at all the points I had hoped they would. It made me feel very special that I was only 1 of 2 people who had been asked to contribute and speak at the ceremony, and I was grateful I got to contribute. <br><br>After the ceremony, the food and reception were also fabulous. I stayed at the party almost 4 hours before heading home. Even then it was hard to leave because there were so many folks I wanted more time to catch up with. <br><br>I went home happy and energized by all the friendship and love from the night.","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","The narrator attended Nick and Bec's 20th Anniversary celebration and was asked to present 5 Haikus about their relationship. They were surprised to see many old friends at the party and enjoyed catching up with them. The ceremony was beautiful and the reception was fabulous, leaving the narrator feeling happy and energized.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,4.0,3.5
68,"(14, 51)","(0.553, 0.755]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","My 28th birthday was probably the best in my life. My cousin is 3 days younger than me and we celebrated our birthdays together. I remember that we went to our favorite park and invited lots of friends and lots of family. We had two grills cooking lots of burgers, hot dogs, different meats like steak, sausage and ribs. We all ate and laughed and played water guns, and water balloons. <br><br>I got a new nintendo switch that day and so did my cousin, with the same game. The new pokemon game that came out that year. It was truly special because I have been wanting it for years and I finally gotten it. We played for hours and even had to take a break. I will never forget those moments as me and my cousin played side by side for hours on a day between our birthdays. We truly felt like we shared those moments. <br><br>We caught pokemon that was different than each others and we battled them as we caught new ones. We just simply linked our gameboys and played agianst each other. People at the party were watching us and even rooting for me and my cousin as we had intense matches that day. All lower level pokemons. <br><br>Me and my cousins are some big time fans of pokemon. The people at the party thought we were ridiculous for playing games like this but this makes us happy!","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","The author had an amazing 28th birthday celebrating with their cousin who is three days younger. They had a party with lots of friends and family at their favorite park, grilling burgers, hot dogs, and different meats. They received a new Nintendo Switch and played the new Pokémon game for hours, battling each other and catching different Pokémon, which made them happy despite being seen as ridiculous by some partygoers.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.5,4.0,4.0
69,"(14, 57)","(0.553, 0.755]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","I have always wanted a surprise birthday celebration and sadly i have never gotten one. I just alluded it to my husband recently and i didn't know he had something in the pipeline for me. That day he was suppose to be out of town so i wasn't really expecting any surprises, i just felt it would be one of those boring birthdays when i would just receive calls from my loved ones and probably blow a cake. <br><br>So after my usual day at work, where i didn't even get a happy birthday from my colleagues, I was kind of pissed so i headed home immediately after work. As i got home i heard a thunderous happy birthday and i literally jumped out of my skin. Tears of joy kept rolling down from my eyes, my colleagues were already there. My husband just made the story of having to travel and my kids were all smiles. <br><br>I was really ecstatic, what surprised me most was my parents took out time to travel for my special day even though my mum was down with stage 2 cancer. I had gifts from my husband and my friends. The love showed to me was unfathomable. I really wanted to get a necklace which i saw at a store some days back and to my surprise it was among the gifts i received. <br><br>I have never had a surprise birthday party before and this was a new and exciting experience for me. I love my husband but this surprise made me love and cherish him more. I really can't wait for another birthday party. As for my kids they sang me a birthday song. This was totally the most awesome experience i have ever had.","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","
The woman always wanted a surprise birthday party but had never gotten one. Her husband planned a surprise party for her, even though he was supposed to be out of town that day. The woman was ecstatic and overwhelmed by the love shown to her, and even her parents traveled to be there despite her mother's illness.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,4.0,3.0,3.5
70,"(14, 90)","(0.553, 0.755]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","On July 9, 2019 I moving in with my Celia. This is kinda weird, because this is the first time I have ever moved in with a partner. I have had partners where we would spend 10 straight nights together, but we never reached the point where we had a dresser or permanent spot for clothes/ accessories. Walking through the door was such a rush of excitement and washing away of nerves to see the place I will be living in finally. <br><br>It is crazy to be moving all the way across the country to chase down a relationship, but this is a crazy amazing opportunity. I'm so grateful that I decided to go off and take this risk as well as my parents supporting it. Their contribution to make this happen really makes it all possible. The sadness of really having my friends and family so far gone, is at least now not present, because of my focus on the now. <br><br>It's so reassuring to see Celia's perkiness and hear the positivity in her voice. It is such a reaffirmation of the decision to watch her show me her place that she has shown me so much before but only through her phone. It is midday and it is hot up here. That doesn't get in the way of just pressing her body so tightly to the side of mine as she talks about each room. The heat is like melting us together and I feel that close to her. Just energy of joy is bounding through my body. <br><br>Each part of the tour is revealing a part of my future, however long or short it is. As the day goes on, I still feel like a guest in the house, but that feeling is slowly riding away. Celia prepared a wonderful salad for us for dinner, which is just not her thing. It was great though, because it was her way of going out of her way to make this a great first day. Washing the dishes with her really made me feel closer and more part of the homeness that I hope to settle into. <br><br>Finding a good groove to sit in felt like I was making a long term investment. While she laid under my arm it placed over her like a puzzle piece fitting in. It feels like the right decision and that this is going to be a positive experience no matter how it ends.","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","The author has moved in with their partner, Celia, for the first time. Despite the distance from their friends and family, they feel grateful for the opportunity and reassured by Celia's positivity. The day is spent touring the house and settling in, with the author feeling closer to Celia and hopeful for a positive experience.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,2.5
71,"(14, 97)","(0.519, 0.553]","I came home to a great surprise. My husband, family and close friends were in my backyard with the scent of ribs rushing to my nostrils. Everyone shouted surprise, hugs and kisses came towards me one after the other. <br><br>I had just graduated and recieved my masters degree in criminology. I did not recieve a party when I got my bachelors so I really was not expecting one now. My parents with tears of joy mentioned how long they have been planning the party and how hard it was to keep my husband from letting out the secret. My husband while laughing mentioned how it was the hardest thing to do because i am always being noisy. <br><br>They prepared all my favorite foods; jerked chicken, ribs, curried mutton, hotdogs fries and cheesecake. They had the right playlist and decors in my favorite colors. <br><br>In the center of the yard was a table with gift boxes and cards. I was overwhelmed and still in disbelief as i have never had something like this, so much joy and pride in one place at the same time. Eveyone was talking and laughing, kids running around the yard. <br><br>I grabbed my plate and feasted upon the food they had prepared. I ate, drank and danced and at the end of the night we played games and i opened my gifts. I received gift cards for my favorite restuarants, cash, jewelry and the greatest of all a new car from my husband, I could not hold back the tears as it burst from my eyes. <br><br>This was definitely one of the most memorable moments of my life.","My husband and I celebrated our third wedding anniversary. It is emotional for me, because we've been together for eleven years so celebrating an anniversary with someone I love so much makes me happy. A lot of people don't last in relationships, and to have a long lasting relationship and a great one makes me very happy. <br><br>My husband surprised me on our anniversary by taking me to the resort that we got married at. It was a very special seafood dinner buffet. it was fancy, and when we go out to eat we usually don't eat out at places so fancy, so it was very special. <br><br>I have cherished the time i spent with my husband. We have gone on lots of fun trips together. We have moved cross country twice. My relationship is a very memorable part of my life. it feels very special to get to spend my life with someone. <br><br>The most memorable part of this year as well is that my English Bulldog celebrated one year of not having aspiration pneumonia. She was very sick a year ago and almost died. She is very important to me and my husband. She makes us both very happy, and adds to the joy of our relationship.","The narrator came home to a surprise party thrown by her husband, family, and friends to celebrate her recent graduation with a master's degree in criminology. The party was filled with her favorite foods, music, and decorations. She received gifts including a new car from her husband, making it a memorable moment in her life.","A couple celebrated their third wedding anniversary, feeling emotional as they had been together for eleven years. The husband surprised his wife with a special dinner at the resort where they got married, which was very fancy and memorable. The couple has had many fun trips together and their English Bulldog's recovery from pneumonia was also a significant moment for them.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.5,3.0
72,"(140, 201)","(0.553, 0.755]","So I work for a cleaning company and clean buildings by myself no biggie. I enjoy being by myself anyways. He lives three hours away. I put in my two weeks notice Friday. He messaged me today on Sunday. He always ghosts me, takes days to respond to me, and it's just unprofessional. He wanted me to ask around and see if anyone would be interested so I made a social media post and got responses immediately and gave him his number. He messaged me a minute ago over something different and I casually asked him if he got any messages for the position. He responded ""yes but I'm not working I'm off today of course"". <br><br>Yeah I know he's off and I'm supposed to be off too, but here I am dealing with people interested, pointing them his way, and pretty much doing all the work. I'm not even getting paid for helping him find potential employees so imma just quit responding to people. <br><br>I've been through so much with this cleaning company. I got reported over some rooms not being cleaned which was not my fault because my key card didn't give me access to those rooms until the end of July. I've been working since April. I tried to miss work the other day due to a stomach virus and he wouldn't let me, afraid I'd get reported again because that would make him look bad. <br><br>I tried to miss a week because my grandpa had a heart attack and he wouldn't let me take care of him and got upset about me missing work just for four days. <br><br>I'm so excited for this new job where I'll be working with children. The pay is higher too.","I am in a long distance relationship but I am separated from my significant other by a few hours. I am a nurse at a great hospital but quite frankly, my management sucks and my doctors act like Karens. I have woken up dreading going to work for so long that it's my normal. These people have sucked the joy out of what I so passionately love to do. <br><br>I did try to wait it out to see if things would get better over time, but with no success. We've been together for less than a year but have talked about closing the gap. I've met his family and friends and vice versa. Nothing but good things from both sides. <br><br>This guy I am sure with every cell in my body that we're destined to be together. I'm gonna husband that man someday. I would be the moving party between the both of us and I'm absolutely okay with that. <br><br>I had updated my resume and sent some applications out last week, not expecting to hear anything from anyone until this week. I have an interview set for Friday morning and if all goes well, I will accept a position in my significant other's town doing what I love to do! <br><br>And that means we can finally start our lives together. And that gives me so much hope for the future.","The narrator works for a cleaning company and put in their two weeks' notice. The boss asked them to find potential employees to replace them, but when the narrator asked if anyone had responded, the boss said he was off and not working. The narrator is frustrated with their boss's unprofessional behavior and is excited to start a new job working with children for higher pay.","The writer is in a long distance relationship, but is unhappy with their job as a nurse due to poor management and difficult doctors. They have decided to move to their significant other's town and have an interview for a job there. They are hopeful that this move will allow them to finally start their lives together.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.0
73,"(141, 193)","(0.553, 0.755]","Previously I worked at a very exhausting workplace, full of toxic people. I felt really hopeless, life felt meaningless even though at that time the job came with great salary, living in a big city. <br><br>After a year and a half I left my exhausting job. Today, I just signed an offer letter from a job that I want! I'm really proud of myself considering this isnot an easy job to get. <br><br>The interview took three days with about 100+ candidates. To imagine I'm one of the people who managed to pull this off is really an amazing feeling. I'm really happy and wishing everyone who's wanting to change their jobs or life in general, a very best of luck!","I just finished a book! It was short, but I actually enjoyed it! Whenever I had to read a book in school, any book, I hated it. I kept losing track of where we were in class readings. I never actually wanted to participate. <br><br>Today, it felt like the opposite of all that stuff! My reading comprehension can still be all over the place sometimes (I have ADHD), but it wasn't hard to focus. <br><br>Also, it feels less isolating to read a book by yourself. Simply spending time to read with anyone can make you feel more connected and less isolated!","
The author worked at a toxic workplace but left after a year and a half. They recently signed an offer letter for a job they wanted, after going through a three-day interview process with over 100 candidates. The author is proud and happy, and wishes good luck to those wanting to change their jobs or lives.","
The author finished a short book and enjoyed it, which was a contrast to their experience of reading books in school. Their ADHD can make reading comprehension difficult, but they were able to focus. Reading alone can still create a sense of connection and combat feelings of isolation.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.5,1.0
74,"(141, 207)","(0.553, 0.755]","Previously I worked at a very exhausting workplace, full of toxic people. I felt really hopeless, life felt meaningless even though at that time the job came with great salary, living in a big city. <br><br>After a year and a half I left my exhausting job. Today, I just signed an offer letter from a job that I want! I'm really proud of myself considering this isnot an easy job to get. <br><br>The interview took three days with about 100+ candidates. To imagine I'm one of the people who managed to pull this off is really an amazing feeling. I'm really happy and wishing everyone who's wanting to change their jobs or life in general, a very best of luck!","I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","
The author worked at a toxic workplace but left after a year and a half. They recently signed an offer letter for a job they wanted, after going through a three-day interview process with over 100 candidates. The author is proud and happy, and wishes good luck to those wanting to change their jobs or lives.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
75,"(141, 250)","(0.553, 0.755]","Previously I worked at a very exhausting workplace, full of toxic people. I felt really hopeless, life felt meaningless even though at that time the job came with great salary, living in a big city. <br><br>After a year and a half I left my exhausting job. Today, I just signed an offer letter from a job that I want! I'm really proud of myself considering this isnot an easy job to get. <br><br>The interview took three days with about 100+ candidates. To imagine I'm one of the people who managed to pull this off is really an amazing feeling. I'm really happy and wishing everyone who's wanting to change their jobs or life in general, a very best of luck!","I grew up in Mexico. I thought I was gonna go back and work in Mexico's government and I did, for a while. I started learning about an obscure field called genomics, which is how genes get stitched together and what they do, and I became a professor. <br><br>One of the weird adventures of the last four years is I got together with a guy who sequenced the human genome and with the guy who won the Nobel for splitting genes. We created a company that thought about programming cells much as you program computer chips. <br><br>In the measure that we've started to this, what we're doing is we're beginning to directly and deliberately engineer evolution to do what we want it to do. We want tomatoes to taste this way, we want cows to give this much milk, we want mosquitoes to inject you with vaccines. <br><br>That is the biggest single change going on out there. It means we're gonna generate entirely new fields of research, entirely new jobs, entirely new industries. <br><br>There are all these incredible adventures going on. You have probably no idea of where you're gonna end up working in ten years because a lot of the fields you're gonna end up working in don't exist yet.","
The author worked at a toxic workplace but left after a year and a half. They recently signed an offer letter for a job they wanted, after going through a three-day interview process with over 100 candidates. The author is proud and happy, and wishes good luck to those wanting to change their jobs or lives.","The narrator grew up in Mexico and initially worked for the government before becoming a professor in genomics. They later founded a company focused on programming cells to engineer evolution and create desired outcomes such as tastier tomatoes and mosquitoes that inject vaccines. This change is leading to new fields of research, jobs, and industries, making it difficult to predict where people will be working in the future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.5,2.0
76,"(141, 287)","(0.465, 0.48]","Previously I worked at a very exhausting workplace, full of toxic people. I felt really hopeless, life felt meaningless even though at that time the job came with great salary, living in a big city. <br><br>After a year and a half I left my exhausting job. Today, I just signed an offer letter from a job that I want! I'm really proud of myself considering this isnot an easy job to get. <br><br>The interview took three days with about 100+ candidates. To imagine I'm one of the people who managed to pull this off is really an amazing feeling. I'm really happy and wishing everyone who's wanting to change their jobs or life in general, a very best of luck!","So I'm a program manager and I work in the Criminal Justice Reform Department and we're working to safely reform the criminal justice system, reduce incarceration while keeping our neighborhood safe, and it's an exciting role. I really love what I do. I love meeting the people who've been impacted by our criminal justice system. <br><br>I'm also system-impacted. I ultimately spent 12 years in state corrections and it was definitely the toughest part of my life. I came out and I owned what got me incarcerated. Really was able to dive down deep in myself and really think how did I get there. <br><br>It's given me a perspective that other programs managers that are working in criminal justice reform don't have. We think of people as disposable and we've gotta shift the narrative around that. We don't want people leaving our jails and prisons and not having opportunities to thrive and contribute. <br><br>I think there's a lot of work to be done here. And it's a really crazy turn of events of where I've ended up in life, but I feel like I'm where I should be.","
The author worked at a toxic workplace but left after a year and a half. They recently signed an offer letter for a job they wanted, after going through a three-day interview process with over 100 candidates. The author is proud and happy, and wishes good luck to those wanting to change their jobs or lives.","A program manager in the Criminal Justice Reform Department is working to reform the criminal justice system and reduce incarceration while keeping neighborhoods safe. The program manager has personal experience with the criminal justice system, having spent 12 years in state corrections. This experience has given them a unique perspective and a desire to shift the narrative around how people leaving jails and prisons are viewed and given opportunities to thrive and contribute to society.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.5,2.5
77,"(141, 293)","(0.553, 0.755]","Previously I worked at a very exhausting workplace, full of toxic people. I felt really hopeless, life felt meaningless even though at that time the job came with great salary, living in a big city. <br><br>After a year and a half I left my exhausting job. Today, I just signed an offer letter from a job that I want! I'm really proud of myself considering this isnot an easy job to get. <br><br>The interview took three days with about 100+ candidates. To imagine I'm one of the people who managed to pull this off is really an amazing feeling. I'm really happy and wishing everyone who's wanting to change their jobs or life in general, a very best of luck!","Growing up with just my dad and my brother, I was obviously very independent and strong-willed. My dad's best friend was a stockbroker, and for some reason, because I was so good with money, I decided that I would be a really good stockbroker. And fortunately, throughout high school, we had work exchange and work experience, and they used to send me off with all sorts of random checks and things to deliver somewhere, and I had no idea where I was going or how to get there. <br><br>And being the little surfy chick that I was, it just made me realize that wasn't the avenue I wanted to go down. Ultimately, to become successful in anything, you have to be relatively selfish. You have to be so one-dimensional. <br><br>I also believe that there's no such thing as a mistake, it's only a learning experience. The only mistake is not learning from it. But even then, you're just gonna be given the opportunity to learn it and learn it and learn it until such time as you do. So I made the same ""mistake'' over and over again until I actually got the lesson.","
The author worked at a toxic workplace but left after a year and a half. They recently signed an offer letter for a job they wanted, after going through a three-day interview process with over 100 candidates. The author is proud and happy, and wishes good luck to those wanting to change their jobs or lives.","
The writer grew up with her father and brother and became independent and strong-willed. She thought she would be a good stockbroker but realized it wasn't the avenue she wanted to go down after participating in work exchange programs. She believes that mistakes are just learning experiences and kept making the same mistake until she learned the lesson.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,2.5
78,"(142, 184)","(0.553, 0.755]","I feel like turning 16 is supposed to be this big thing... you know, having your sweet sixteen and all. but really I'm just in a strange place right now. <br><br>Recently, i dropped my (pretty toxic) friend group. I used to invite them over for dinner and just hang out on my birthday. now I just have one best friend but things are weird between us... and I don't know how I feel about it. <br><br>I remember really looking forward to becoming 16, but now that it's happening in a few hours, I feel empty. I'm not sad and I'm grateful for all the people in my life that do care about me.","I'm a first year college student and I was so anxious about finals and stressed out over studying. There were nights I was staying up until 2 AM studying for my tests and reading things. I had no idea what to expect for finals week except what I had seen online and how my friends who are upperclassmen described it. <br><br>Finals were simultaneously what I was and wasn't expecting. I knew they would be challenging given how my midterms were, but I wasn't expecting the whole ordeal to be so stressful, especially the week prior to finals. There were times I considered giving up and dropping out I was so stressed out! <br><br>But thanks to the awesome support team that I have on campus and at home, I was able to push through it all and now I'm finally done! It feels so good to be able to relax and enjoy the holidays with my family! I can't wait to catch up with my old friends!","
The narrator is turning 16 and feels like it should be a bigger deal, but is in a strange place after dropping their toxic friend group. They now only have one best friend and things are weird between them. Despite feeling empty, they are grateful for the people in their life who care about them.","
A first-year college student was anxious and stressed about finals, often studying until 2 AM. Although they expected the exams to be challenging, they were surprised by the level of stress leading up to them. With the help of their support system, the student was able to push through and is now relieved to be finished and ready to enjoy the holidays.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.5,3.5
79,"(142, 193)","(0.553, 0.755]","I feel like turning 16 is supposed to be this big thing... you know, having your sweet sixteen and all. but really I'm just in a strange place right now. <br><br>Recently, i dropped my (pretty toxic) friend group. I used to invite them over for dinner and just hang out on my birthday. now I just have one best friend but things are weird between us... and I don't know how I feel about it. <br><br>I remember really looking forward to becoming 16, but now that it's happening in a few hours, I feel empty. I'm not sad and I'm grateful for all the people in my life that do care about me.","I just finished a book! It was short, but I actually enjoyed it! Whenever I had to read a book in school, any book, I hated it. I kept losing track of where we were in class readings. I never actually wanted to participate. <br><br>Today, it felt like the opposite of all that stuff! My reading comprehension can still be all over the place sometimes (I have ADHD), but it wasn't hard to focus. <br><br>Also, it feels less isolating to read a book by yourself. Simply spending time to read with anyone can make you feel more connected and less isolated!","
The narrator is turning 16 and feels like it should be a bigger deal, but is in a strange place after dropping their toxic friend group. They now only have one best friend and things are weird between them. Despite feeling empty, they are grateful for the people in their life who care about them.","
The author finished a short book and enjoyed it, which was a contrast to their experience of reading books in school. Their ADHD can make reading comprehension difficult, but they were able to focus. Reading alone can still create a sense of connection and combat feelings of isolation.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
80,"(144, 161)","(0.553, 0.755]","Today I was talking with a friend in school. Beside him were two of his friends from his class. We were waiting for a teacher to bring a ball so we could hoop a little before I went home. <br><br>But there was this girl beside him who was one of his mates. During the conversation with me and my friend, she kept looking at me weirdly and then looking away when I looked back. In a weird way. Almost staring at me. <br><br>When I said bye and turned my back, she started talking. And it felt like she was talking negatively about me behind my back. She was so awkward, the whole way through as I was talking with my friend. <br><br>I had this sudden feeling of anger and hatred just rising within me. And many fantasies of killing her slowly popped up in my head. I had an overwhelming amount of hatred. I have never felt so angry and hateful towards someone for looking at me weirdly. <br><br>It stuck with me in my head until all the way home. I stopped and tried to observe why I felt this way. But I couldn't understand. Worse things have happened in my life and I felt more passive about it. But this... It nearly ruined my whole day and I couldn't stop thinking about it.","Before I went through my trauma, I cared about every little thing people said or thought about me. I cared about life and thought life had meaning and I played an important role. But after growing up and going through hard times, I just stopped caring. In some ways, I feel like I'm better. I'm not anxious anymore, I don't let what other people say get to me, I help people without getting personally invested. <br><br>It's not like I don't care at all, but it's not enough. But through this apathy, I realize I hurt my partner, my friends and family (and even implicitly my coworkers and other peers). I unintentionally became a bit of an asshole because I believe that my words and actions ultimately dont affect anyone because they don't respect or care about me enough for it to affect them. <br><br>I don't share significant parts of my life and I keep everything to myself because I believe that people don't care about me. I know now that this is a response to my past experiences and I'm trying to be better but it's so hard. Because letting yourself feel again is scarier than losing people.","
The narrator was waiting to play basketball with friends and noticed a girl who was staring at them. When he said goodbye and turned his back, she started talking negatively about him. He felt an overwhelming amount of anger and hatred towards her, which he couldn't understand and it stuck with him for the rest of the day.","
The author used to care a lot about what people thought of them, but after going through trauma, they stopped caring and became apathetic. However, this caused them to unintentionally hurt their loved ones and they realized that they need to be better. They struggle with letting themselves feel again because it's scary.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,3.0,2.0
81,"(144, 170)","(0.48, 0.498]","Today I was talking with a friend in school. Beside him were two of his friends from his class. We were waiting for a teacher to bring a ball so we could hoop a little before I went home. <br><br>But there was this girl beside him who was one of his mates. During the conversation with me and my friend, she kept looking at me weirdly and then looking away when I looked back. In a weird way. Almost staring at me. <br><br>When I said bye and turned my back, she started talking. And it felt like she was talking negatively about me behind my back. She was so awkward, the whole way through as I was talking with my friend. <br><br>I had this sudden feeling of anger and hatred just rising within me. And many fantasies of killing her slowly popped up in my head. I had an overwhelming amount of hatred. I have never felt so angry and hateful towards someone for looking at me weirdly. <br><br>It stuck with me in my head until all the way home. I stopped and tried to observe why I felt this way. But I couldn't understand. Worse things have happened in my life and I felt more passive about it. But this... It nearly ruined my whole day and I couldn't stop thinking about it.",So there's this guy in our friend group (7 girls 8 guys) and 3 people in this group (including me) like this guy and guess who ends up dating him? The one girl in our friend group that already had a boyfriend. <br><br>She's dated (now) 3 guys in the past month lasting from a week to just over a week. I'm worried about her mental health and I think dating so many people isn't doing her any good but also we ALL liked him and she was talking about how much she hated him and how ugly he was the day before but then she snaps me wearing his hoodie. <br><br>I don't know what to do.,"
The narrator was waiting to play basketball with friends and noticed a girl who was staring at them. When he said goodbye and turned his back, she started talking negatively about him. He felt an overwhelming amount of anger and hatred towards her, which he couldn't understand and it stuck with him for the rest of the day.","
A guy in a friend group is dating a girl who already has a boyfriend, even though multiple people in the group liked him. The girl has dated three guys in the past month, all for short periods of time. The narrator is concerned about the girl's mental health and confusion about her sudden interest in the guy.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,3.0,2.5
82,"(145, 294)","(0.553, 0.755]","For as long as I remember I always wanted to be famous and in the last five years I actually became obsessed with it and have done a lot of things. <br><br>But I was watching a few biopics of some very famous people, and I find most of them are actually very lonely within and some of them even have a disaster life. It's scary how actually media and people just want to use your fame for their own benefit. <br><br>I'm thinking is it even worth trying? I know many people who are actually on the same path as me.","I wanted to be either a newscaster or a radio personality. I got a job working weekends in New York, so I kept my job in D.C. and I would drive up on the weekends. I would pass by all the exits on the turnpike to my parents' house, my best friend's house. <br><br>But nobody really believed or understood my grind. Instead of going home or going to friends and hanging out and getting hot meals, I slept in my car on the turnpike. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head. Not your parents, your sisters and brothers, not even your best friends. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head! Be fearless.","
The author has always wanted to be famous and has become obsessed with it in the last five years. After watching biopics of famous people, they realize that many of them are lonely and have disastrous lives. They question if fame is even worth pursuing, considering the media and people's desire to use it for their own benefit.","
The author wanted to become a newscaster or a radio personality and got a job in New York while keeping their job in D.C. They would sleep in their car on the turnpike instead of going home or hanging out with friends. The author advises not to let people get in your head and to be fearless.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,2.5,1.5
83,"(145, 312)","(0.553, 0.755]","For as long as I remember I always wanted to be famous and in the last five years I actually became obsessed with it and have done a lot of things. <br><br>But I was watching a few biopics of some very famous people, and I find most of them are actually very lonely within and some of them even have a disaster life. It's scary how actually media and people just want to use your fame for their own benefit. <br><br>I'm thinking is it even worth trying? I know many people who are actually on the same path as me.","If you told me, yeah I'm gonna move to New Orleans, and take over an abandoned iron factory, and start a design studio and travel around and write about cities, who plans for that? Things just happen. I didn't know what graphic design was as a discipline until much later, probably halfway through college. <br><br>I think I wasted a lot of time expecting there to be some sort of white light moment where, oh the sky is parted and now I'm inspired and I'm gonna work for two weeks straight and get this thing done. It's so easy to be like, well I'm not inspired today, I'll go do something else. But you have got to put the work in. You've still got to structure yourself. <br><br>I spent so much of my 20s being like, when is the magic gonna strike or something like that. Time is short, and there's gonna be no magic moment where you're like, now is the time to do it. Like that's just not gonna happen. No one's gonna come to the rescue and say all right, that dream you have, we're gonna start now. I spent a lot of time waiting for that to happen, it doesn't happen.","
The author has always wanted to be famous and has become obsessed with it in the last five years. After watching biopics of famous people, they realize that many of them are lonely and have disastrous lives. They question if fame is even worth pursuing, considering the media and people's desire to use it for their own benefit.","The author reflects on their journey towards starting a design studio in New Orleans and realizing the importance of putting work in and structuring oneself. They admit to wasting time waiting for a magical moment of inspiration that never came, and emphasize the need to take action and pursue dreams without relying on outside forces.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.0
84,"(146, 193)","(0.553, 0.755]","I joined in 2013 right outta high school and left literally 2 days ago. The Army sucked, in fact it sucked a lot. I was initially an 88M but then reclassed to 25Q in 2017 and then did basically nothing. <br><br>I got a lot of stupid stories I can share, but the basic thing is it just feels weird this chapter of my life is over and done with. Also, despite how much it sucked, I don't regret it. I met a ton of awesome people I otherwise wouldn't have, got to go to both Japan and South Korea, and got two degrees - English and Communications - for free. <br><br>My dad tried to talk me into staying for the full 20, but I was just done with it all. I was so tired with it all. On my final final day, I was scheduled for a PT test and decided to take it really just for old times sake and to say goodbye to everyone another time and just chat. <br><br>It was honestly nice to get to say goodbye to everyone again and plus I got a good score on this final PT test that doesn't mean anything lol. I was literally not in the Army anymore on the day I took it which was kinda funny. <br><br>Sad a part is over, but happy as a new chapter in my life is starting. I look forward to what comes next.","I just finished a book! It was short, but I actually enjoyed it! Whenever I had to read a book in school, any book, I hated it. I kept losing track of where we were in class readings. I never actually wanted to participate. <br><br>Today, it felt like the opposite of all that stuff! My reading comprehension can still be all over the place sometimes (I have ADHD), but it wasn't hard to focus. <br><br>Also, it feels less isolating to read a book by yourself. Simply spending time to read with anyone can make you feel more connected and less isolated!","The author joined the Army in 2013 after high school and reclassed to 25Q in 2017. Despite the Army sucking, the author met awesome people, traveled to Japan and South Korea, and earned two degrees for free. On the author's final day, they took a PT test for old times' sake and to say goodbye to everyone, and is now happy to start a new chapter in life.","
The author finished a short book and enjoyed it, which was a contrast to their experience of reading books in school. Their ADHD can make reading comprehension difficult, but they were able to focus. Reading alone can still create a sense of connection and combat feelings of isolation.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
85,"(147, 149)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was abused as a child physically and mentally and have always been a people pleaser. I'm sure it comes from the constant need to win my parents' approval as well as the fear that I would be beaten if I got in trouble. I've been molested as a child by a distant relative we went to visit and have never told anyone because I feel ashamed or that I might get in trouble with my parents. Would they say it's my fault? Would they believe me? All of these things weighing on a 9 year old was a lot so I didn't say anything and just tried to forget it happened. <br><br>In high school I got bullied by teachers at this school I went to. For example, some of my classmates goofed around and somehow I got the blame for not telling on them. Of course I was too scared to go home and tell because I'm sure I would've been told it's my fault. I really was a good student, got along with all my peers, and made some amazing friends whom I'm in touch with still. <br><br>A lot later in life my parents wanted me to get married so I did. My husband is a great guy but his mother is an absolute asshole and our relationship starts to break because of it. I had severe depression and had her constantly picking away at me even more after we have our first baby. We are now on a very low contact basis with her and have moved out. <br><br>Overall I feel I'm just a very bitter person because of everything that's happened and I suppose more than anyone I hate myself for not standing up for me when I should have. I'm at a point in my life where I've set boundaries so people can't overstep them and upset me and I'm not a doormat like I used to be. <br><br>I do have the urge to call my parents and scream at them for how they raised me because my other siblings did not endure the kind of abuse I did but what good would actually come of it? They can't undo it. My husband is really supportive but I haven't told him everything. I feel like it would break his heart and I'm ashamed of some of it too.",Since I was little I've had problems with my anger and these past few years I thought I've been doing pretty good. Then my little brother starts middle school and he becomes the brattiest kid to exist and I share a room with him. <br><br>Years of suppressing my anger and frustration isn't helping and it keeps leaking out every conversation I have with him. Things that don't usually bother me in my daily life have started bothering me and I'm kinda afraid one day I might accidentally let my anger out and I'll be in the same place I was years ago.,"
The writer was physically and mentally abused as a child by their parents and was also molested by a relative but never told anyone. They were bullied by teachers in high school and later struggled in their relationship with their husband's mother. The writer has set boundaries for themselves and regrets not standing up for themselves in the past, but feels ashamed to tell their husband everything about their experiences.","
The narrator has struggled with anger issues since childhood but thought they had improved in recent years. However, sharing a room with their bratty younger brother has caused their anger and frustration to resurface, despite years of trying to suppress it. The narrator is worried about accidentally losing control and returning to their previous state of uncontrolled anger.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.0,2.0,1.0
86,"(147, 159)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was abused as a child physically and mentally and have always been a people pleaser. I'm sure it comes from the constant need to win my parents' approval as well as the fear that I would be beaten if I got in trouble. I've been molested as a child by a distant relative we went to visit and have never told anyone because I feel ashamed or that I might get in trouble with my parents. Would they say it's my fault? Would they believe me? All of these things weighing on a 9 year old was a lot so I didn't say anything and just tried to forget it happened. <br><br>In high school I got bullied by teachers at this school I went to. For example, some of my classmates goofed around and somehow I got the blame for not telling on them. Of course I was too scared to go home and tell because I'm sure I would've been told it's my fault. I really was a good student, got along with all my peers, and made some amazing friends whom I'm in touch with still. <br><br>A lot later in life my parents wanted me to get married so I did. My husband is a great guy but his mother is an absolute asshole and our relationship starts to break because of it. I had severe depression and had her constantly picking away at me even more after we have our first baby. We are now on a very low contact basis with her and have moved out. <br><br>Overall I feel I'm just a very bitter person because of everything that's happened and I suppose more than anyone I hate myself for not standing up for me when I should have. I'm at a point in my life where I've set boundaries so people can't overstep them and upset me and I'm not a doormat like I used to be. <br><br>I do have the urge to call my parents and scream at them for how they raised me because my other siblings did not endure the kind of abuse I did but what good would actually come of it? They can't undo it. My husband is really supportive but I haven't told him everything. I feel like it would break his heart and I'm ashamed of some of it too.",My gf broke up with me. It's been terrible. I miss her and want her back everyday. I don't know how she's doing and maybe she's doing fine. Maybe she's missing me too. <br><br>I love her and wish I could change things. I think one of the worst parts about this is how my mind makes things up or when I get a bad thought in my head I can't get it out. <br><br>I love her more than I could ever express. I wanted to spend my life doing my best to express the love I have for her. I hope that one day we can get back together. <br><br>She is amazing. So beautiful and sexy and smart and funny. Her personality is amazing and the things she'd do for me were lovely. <br><br>Sometimes I wish someone could fix this or that I could rewind time. But right now I'm just going to work on myself and do what I need. Whether or not she wants to be a part of that is her decision. <br><br>I just would be really really really happy if she is a part of that.,"
The writer was physically and mentally abused as a child by their parents and was also molested by a relative but never told anyone. They were bullied by teachers in high school and later struggled in their relationship with their husband's mother. The writer has set boundaries for themselves and regrets not standing up for themselves in the past, but feels ashamed to tell their husband everything about their experiences.","
The writer's girlfriend broke up with him and he is struggling to cope with the pain of the breakup. He misses her and wants her back but is unsure of her feelings towards him. He loves her and hopes that they can reconcile in the future, but for now he is focusing on improving himself.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.0,2.0,2.0
87,"(147, 167)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was abused as a child physically and mentally and have always been a people pleaser. I'm sure it comes from the constant need to win my parents' approval as well as the fear that I would be beaten if I got in trouble. I've been molested as a child by a distant relative we went to visit and have never told anyone because I feel ashamed or that I might get in trouble with my parents. Would they say it's my fault? Would they believe me? All of these things weighing on a 9 year old was a lot so I didn't say anything and just tried to forget it happened. <br><br>In high school I got bullied by teachers at this school I went to. For example, some of my classmates goofed around and somehow I got the blame for not telling on them. Of course I was too scared to go home and tell because I'm sure I would've been told it's my fault. I really was a good student, got along with all my peers, and made some amazing friends whom I'm in touch with still. <br><br>A lot later in life my parents wanted me to get married so I did. My husband is a great guy but his mother is an absolute asshole and our relationship starts to break because of it. I had severe depression and had her constantly picking away at me even more after we have our first baby. We are now on a very low contact basis with her and have moved out. <br><br>Overall I feel I'm just a very bitter person because of everything that's happened and I suppose more than anyone I hate myself for not standing up for me when I should have. I'm at a point in my life where I've set boundaries so people can't overstep them and upset me and I'm not a doormat like I used to be. <br><br>I do have the urge to call my parents and scream at them for how they raised me because my other siblings did not endure the kind of abuse I did but what good would actually come of it? They can't undo it. My husband is really supportive but I haven't told him everything. I feel like it would break his heart and I'm ashamed of some of it too.","My energy levels are so depleted that even the thought of eating makes me feel sick. I've barely eaten in days. In fact, I had to leave work early today because I was physically unable to stay and as soon as I came home I passed out on my bed. I only just woke up, at 8 pm, but every waking thought I have is of this deep and utter hopelessness I feel within my life, and the intruding thoughts telling me that maybe I deserve this, maybe I'm just never meant to be happy at all. <br><br>I don't even know where to begin on my path to recovery, because my entire life just feels completely out of my own hands. All I want to do is stay crawled up in a ball and cry, yet that is also the one thing I don't want to do at all.","
The writer was physically and mentally abused as a child by their parents and was also molested by a relative but never told anyone. They were bullied by teachers in high school and later struggled in their relationship with their husband's mother. The writer has set boundaries for themselves and regrets not standing up for themselves in the past, but feels ashamed to tell their husband everything about their experiences.","
The author is experiencing extreme fatigue and has not been eating. They had to leave work early and feel hopeless and undeserving of happiness. They don't know where to begin with recovery and feel out of control of their life, wanting to cry but also not wanting to.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,3.0
88,"(148, 157)","(0.553, 0.755]","I've experienced suicidal thoughts since I was around 18 and I really struggle to feel valid in mental health/depression-related spaces. I feel alone in my everyday life to begin with and don't have anywhere to find a community. <br><br>My depression/suicidal thoughts don't stem from any sort of trauma or life circumstances. I have had an overwhelmingly good life, good relationships with family, friends, got a job and moved out shortly after graduating college, making a living wage. <br><br>That's partly why it's so frustrating that my mental health is still so bad. I feel guilty for feeling suicidal when there is literally nothing wrong with my life. <br><br>There's times when I feel like I should just stop fighting it and attempt because then I'd feel validated in having thought about it for this long. Even if it wasn't successful, at least then people would take me seriously. <br><br>Right now I feel like things are bad enough for me to be completely miserable but not bad enough for anyone to care. At the same time, that feels messed up and attention-seeking. <br><br>I just want to feel like someone understands and I've never felt like anyone really gets it.","I feel alone. It is so frustrating. I used to be fine with it, but then for some reason I actually started wanting to have a friend. I have nobody. And nobody around me seems interesting enough to me. Life gets boring. And frustrating. <br><br>I am a frustrated person. I want to feel romantic love but I only feel it for my ex, and it is the slightest amount so I cling onto it. I don't know if I'm aromantic or something. It is so frustrating having to chase that feeling. My ex was the only one ever to give me a slight feeling of romance. I do not get crushes. I would never kiss someone, touch makes me cringe. <br><br>But I want the picture perfect life. Nothing will make me stop wanting a wife and family. And my ex is the only one I could possibly have it with. <br><br>I am so lonely and I know it is just messing with my head. Nobody understands me. People think I'm weird and crazy. Everyone does. Nobody is here for me. Nobody knows who I really am. And I feel like I can't relate with anybody all of the time. People frustrate me so much yet I need them to fill some void in me. <br><br>I worry. I distract myself with school, but each day I come home and it's the same. The feeling of dread. I hate myself. I hate everything. <br><br>I've been less timid. Trying to be more approachable looking. It doesn't work. I put myself in situations to talk to people. We don't get past surface level stuff. <br><br>I am trapped in this isolation. It gets me so mad. I am trying. I physically can't speak at times and I have to use hand gestures a lot. I can't speak! What else am I supposed to do?! My voice is wrong when I do manage to speak. It is not expressive or funny. People think I have no emotion and I am so serious. <br><br>I just want to be normal. I am not normal. Something is wrong with me but I don't know what. <br><br>I just want a real friend. I just want my ex back. I hate my life, I hate myself.","
The writer has been struggling with suicidal thoughts since the age of 18 and feels invalidated in mental health spaces. Despite having a good life with no trauma or negative life circumstances, the writer still feels overwhelmingly depressed and guilty for having suicidal thoughts. They feel alone and want someone to understand their struggles.","
The author feels alone and frustrated because they have nobody interesting around them. They desire romantic love but only feel it for their ex, and worry that they may be aromantic. They are struggling with their isolation and inability to connect with people, and wish they could be ""normal"" and have a friend or a family.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.5
89,"(148, 280)","(0.519, 0.553]","I've experienced suicidal thoughts since I was around 18 and I really struggle to feel valid in mental health/depression-related spaces. I feel alone in my everyday life to begin with and don't have anywhere to find a community. <br><br>My depression/suicidal thoughts don't stem from any sort of trauma or life circumstances. I have had an overwhelmingly good life, good relationships with family, friends, got a job and moved out shortly after graduating college, making a living wage. <br><br>That's partly why it's so frustrating that my mental health is still so bad. I feel guilty for feeling suicidal when there is literally nothing wrong with my life. <br><br>There's times when I feel like I should just stop fighting it and attempt because then I'd feel validated in having thought about it for this long. Even if it wasn't successful, at least then people would take me seriously. <br><br>Right now I feel like things are bad enough for me to be completely miserable but not bad enough for anyone to care. At the same time, that feels messed up and attention-seeking. <br><br>I just want to feel like someone understands and I've never felt like anyone really gets it.","I'm from Little Rock, Arkansas, born and raised. Little Rock in the 90s was on the top five crime lists and murder rate lists in the country. It was a bad time for that city. I never felt like I belonged there. I just felt like this isn't right. <br><br>I decided to change my life. And I didn't really know all the ways how yet, but I knew not being in Little Rock needed to be a part of it. Little Rock is too small , but I was nervous that I might not be ready to go to New York, or LA. So a mid size city. Looking for a low crime rate, and trend in technology upward. And Seattle was that place. <br><br>I do think that one of the most powerful things in the world is understanding what you want, and just trying to figure out how to focus on that. Just today, not forever, not in ten years, because you'll be different in five years. You just are how you are now. And knowing what you want right now is the thing that should drive what you're doing. <br><br>I've been able to do that, and I've been very successful and it's not because I'm special. It's just because I focused on what I wanted.","
The writer has been struggling with suicidal thoughts since the age of 18 and feels invalidated in mental health spaces. Despite having a good life with no trauma or negative life circumstances, the writer still feels overwhelmingly depressed and guilty for having suicidal thoughts. They feel alone and want someone to understand their struggles.","
The narrator grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas, a city with high crime and murder rates. Feeling like they didn't belong there, they decided to change their life and move to a mid-sized city with low crime and a trend in technology upward. They believe that understanding what you want and focusing on it is the key to success.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
90,"(15, 184)","(0.553, 0.755]","Six months ago I graduated from college. This moment was memorable because I was finally closing a chapter in my life that had taken so much of my time. I remember getting ready that day. I woke up early because I wanted to do my hair and makeup. I wanted to have the time to make it perfect. But, I quickly realized not everything was going to turn out perfect when my hair would just not curl. <br><br>The time was already to go and I didn't have my dress on or my makeup up done. As the clock zoomed by, I was in a crying fit as my mom rushed me into my dress and I walked to the car with no shoes on and no makeup. Already a day I had dreamed about, planned out so perfectly was already ruined. I knew it I could feel it deep in my gut. <br><br>The icing on the cake was when I arrived to the arena in my four inch heels and realized the floor was completely concrete, and I would have to stand for hours on it. This day could not have turned out worse. I just wanted to go home and get my diploma in the mail. <br><br>I realized this event was not for me. I wasn't doing it for me. I was just happy to graduate and wanted to take a nap after a long 18 credit semester. I was doing all this for my family. But this moment made me realize that moments you dream about don't always turn out as planned.","I'm a first year college student and I was so anxious about finals and stressed out over studying. There were nights I was staying up until 2 AM studying for my tests and reading things. I had no idea what to expect for finals week except what I had seen online and how my friends who are upperclassmen described it. <br><br>Finals were simultaneously what I was and wasn't expecting. I knew they would be challenging given how my midterms were, but I wasn't expecting the whole ordeal to be so stressful, especially the week prior to finals. There were times I considered giving up and dropping out I was so stressed out! <br><br>But thanks to the awesome support team that I have on campus and at home, I was able to push through it all and now I'm finally done! It feels so good to be able to relax and enjoy the holidays with my family! I can't wait to catch up with my old friends!","
The author graduated from college six months ago, which was memorable but not as perfect as planned. Despite waking up early to do her hair and makeup, things didn't go as planned, and she ended up rushing with no shoes or makeup. She realized that the event was not for her but for her family, and that sometimes, dream moments don't turn out as expected.","
A first-year college student was anxious and stressed about finals, often studying until 2 AM. Although they expected the exams to be challenging, they were surprised by the level of stress leading up to them. With the help of their support system, the student was able to push through and is now relieved to be finished and ready to enjoy the holidays.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
91,"(150, 163)","(0.553, 0.755]","My sister is evil. Her appearance is striking: fake boobs, platinum blonde hair like it's still the year 2000, adorning makeup which is reminiscent of Ursula, and false eyelashes so thick you wonder if they might wiggle away like a caterpillar. Always in pink, and always carrying her cigarettes. When people meet her, she performs the role of a submissive. She's just an innocent stay at home mom. She does not hesitate to ask for help. But it never, ever stops. I now have $15,000 lessons on being grifted. I have also gained friends that were grifted too. There's always a reason she asks for money, but yet she keeps those who help at a distance so we don't actually know where the money goes. She has no shame in asking for money and favors. She progressively escalates over time to see how much she can get out of someone, and disappears the rest of the time. <br><br>Then there's the lying. She is a pathological liar, and I don't say that lightly. For my moms funeral last month, I paid for 100% of it. I told my sister that I wasn't giving her any more money, and that she hurt me a few days before the event. My sister didn't show up to the service, and told everyone there that she believed I would not acknowledge her son there. Her son, who I've been there for since day 1 and had nothing to do with us. She also wished for my mom's death so she could receive inheritance. She's just a total garbage human and it sucks to be related to her.","I was severely abused by a friend and ex relative. During Covid, I was in a bad place and was 17 still living at home. I was abused sexually, mentally and physically by this guy we will call A. My mom knew it was going on, and she would let him in the house when I wouldn't text him back and he even tried kicking in my door when I locked myself in to keep him away from me. Nothing was ever done. I was always screamed at about my pill addiction (which he started) and weed smoking but he was always the issue. <br><br>I sent myself to a mental institution in a desperate attempt to get away. I didn't until I finally had enough saved to move out. That's when I met my neighbor who became my boyfriend who saved me. He is my everything. I owe him the world. <br><br>My sister is now stuck in an abusive relationship. She left him once, and my mother screamed at her and called her stupid. He's not a good kid. He acts like it, but my sister has told me and my boyfriend the truth. He's sexually abused her, hurt her, and talks down to her in front of everyone. My boyfriend has tried talking sense into my family, but it never works. <br><br>I'm so scared for her, that he will do something before she can truly get away. She doesn't understand what is happening. She was herself again when they broke up. Now that they're back together, there's no life in her voice, no light in her eyes. She never smiles. <br><br>I miss my baby sister, the funny one who had me in tears on the floor. We've offered her a room in our house, but she doesn't want to leave the family animals behind. I feel helpless.","
The author describes their sister as evil, with a striking appearance and a habit of performing the role of a submissive to ask for money and favours. She is a pathological liar and has no shame in asking for money. The author paid for their mother's funeral and told their sister they wouldn't give her any more money, but she didn't show up and lied about why, and even wished for their mother's death for inheritance.","The author was severely abused by a friend and ex-relative, and their mother knew about it but did nothing. The author eventually moved out and met their boyfriend who saved them. The author's sister is now in an abusive relationship, but the family is not helping, and the author feels helpless.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.0,1.0,2.0
92,"(150, 166)","(0.519, 0.553]","My sister is evil. Her appearance is striking: fake boobs, platinum blonde hair like it's still the year 2000, adorning makeup which is reminiscent of Ursula, and false eyelashes so thick you wonder if they might wiggle away like a caterpillar. Always in pink, and always carrying her cigarettes. When people meet her, she performs the role of a submissive. She's just an innocent stay at home mom. She does not hesitate to ask for help. But it never, ever stops. I now have $15,000 lessons on being grifted. I have also gained friends that were grifted too. There's always a reason she asks for money, but yet she keeps those who help at a distance so we don't actually know where the money goes. She has no shame in asking for money and favors. She progressively escalates over time to see how much she can get out of someone, and disappears the rest of the time. <br><br>Then there's the lying. She is a pathological liar, and I don't say that lightly. For my moms funeral last month, I paid for 100% of it. I told my sister that I wasn't giving her any more money, and that she hurt me a few days before the event. My sister didn't show up to the service, and told everyone there that she believed I would not acknowledge her son there. Her son, who I've been there for since day 1 and had nothing to do with us. She also wished for my mom's death so she could receive inheritance. She's just a total garbage human and it sucks to be related to her.","My mom died 10 years ago. October 1st, 2012. And I didn't even remember the anniversary. <br><br>I was really young when she died of breast cancer. My step mom has been in my life for longer than my bio mom was. I call my step mom mom. When people ask about my parents, she's mom. I only ever mention bio mom when I need to. <br><br>It doesn't feel like she was even real. I was so young. I've basically forgotten her. People tell me all these things about her, and it feels like I'm hearing about a stranger. I just smile and nod because what else can i do? <br><br>People always tell me they're sorry for my loss, but I feel like they shouldn't be. It doesnt feel like my loss. It almost feels like I'm in a video game and her death took place before the events of the game. <br><br>I know it happened, but I barely remember anything. Does that make me a bad child? She gave so much for me, wanted to be with me until the very end, and I can barely remember any of it. <br><br>I feel like a terrible person for forgetting the anniversary, for forgetting her.","
The author describes their sister as evil, with a striking appearance and a habit of performing the role of a submissive to ask for money and favours. She is a pathological liar and has no shame in asking for money. The author paid for their mother's funeral and told their sister they wouldn't give her any more money, but she didn't show up and lied about why, and even wished for their mother's death for inheritance.","
The author's mother died of breast cancer 10 years ago on October 1st, but they didn't remember the anniversary. They were very young when their mother died, and their stepmom has been in their life longer. They feel like they've forgotten their mother and it doesn't feel like their loss, but they also feel guilty for forgetting her.",1,,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.5,1.5
93,"(154, 175)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm a 26 year old woman. Apparently I'm supposed to be ""happy with myself before I'm happy with someone else"". I'm supposed to show up in this world as a functioning adult, without ever leaning on anyone, or ever needing someone to hold me at night. <br><br>But the truth is, underneath the pretence, I feel such crippling loneliness that I hold onto my pillow at night as if it were a human being. I have full blown conversations with my pillow. Much like a toddler clings to a comfort blanket when its parents are not around, I'm clinging to my pillow in the absence of a partner. <br><br>I'm just tired of feeling alone in this world, and having to do everything alone.","I'm a 1st yaer college student now and it's been weeks since the classes started. I'm anxious because my classmates seem to know a LOT more than what I expected. I have ZERO friends (I tried to socialize but the vibe isn't there). <br><br>It gets so lonely at lunch, I don't know how it'll pan out for me for the next 3 years of college. I can't even cry because I feel so ungrateful for the equipments and support my parents are giving me, I often feel like this is not my life to live in. Like, someone out there deserves this life more than me. <br><br>I guess I hate myself somehow for not excelling in academics. I need someone but I don't know who I need.","
The 26-year-old woman struggles with feeling alone and unsupported in life, despite being told she should be happy with herself before being happy with someone else. She admits to holding onto her pillow at night and having conversations with it because of the lack of a partner, comparing herself to a toddler clinging to a comfort blanket. She expresses exhaustion from having to do everything alone and wishes for more support and companionship in her life.","
The college student is struggling with anxiety and loneliness as they feel their classmates are more knowledgeable than expected and they have not made any friends. They feel guilty for feeling this way as their parents are supportive and they have good equipment. The student hates themselves for not doing better academically and wishes for someone to help them.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,2.5
94,"(154, 177)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm a 26 year old woman. Apparently I'm supposed to be ""happy with myself before I'm happy with someone else"". I'm supposed to show up in this world as a functioning adult, without ever leaning on anyone, or ever needing someone to hold me at night. <br><br>But the truth is, underneath the pretence, I feel such crippling loneliness that I hold onto my pillow at night as if it were a human being. I have full blown conversations with my pillow. Much like a toddler clings to a comfort blanket when its parents are not around, I'm clinging to my pillow in the absence of a partner. <br><br>I'm just tired of feeling alone in this world, and having to do everything alone.","I had a childhood that pretty badly messed up a lot of things. Then as an adult my first serious relationship was abusive, my second was chaotic and my third I ended out of a misplaced self preservation instinct during the worst time of my life. <br><br>Then just as I was circling the drain I met someone. They reignited my drive to do the things I love and make the best of myself. To put it simply they made me want to be alive again. Every day became exciting, not the same slog I'd been trying to push through for so long, but just complete wonder. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop but it just built and got better and better. A few moments with them stand out as the happiest of my life. <br><br>But eventually things fell apart in stages, ending with me seeing a side of them I never knew was there. Something that touched on some very difficult things in my past and made me feel like everything had been a lie. Some very cruel things were said using vulnerabilities I had opened up to them about over years that no one else knew. <br><br>Now as I've been trying to move on from that I've come up on another issue. I just can't seem to date anymore. It was before Covid that I met them so for a while I brushed this off as just being out of practice but I realised that wasn't the problem. I have no problem getting dates, my problem is I just can't summon the interest in anyone I meet in a dating context. People I meet randomly who I've had a flicker of interest in all end up being taken and I end up feeling relieved more than disappointed. <br><br>I can't even have casual encounters because I just keep thinking about that person and I can never go through with it even when I've got people over specifically for that. I feel trapped and so very lonely. Despite everything I still find it impossible to imagine being with anyone who isn't them. <br><br>Even though I really want a relationship, I want to love and be loved but I don't know how to do that anymore. I'm exhausted.","
The 26-year-old woman struggles with feeling alone and unsupported in life, despite being told she should be happy with herself before being happy with someone else. She admits to holding onto her pillow at night and having conversations with it because of the lack of a partner, comparing herself to a toddler clinging to a comfort blanket. She expresses exhaustion from having to do everything alone and wishes for more support and companionship in her life.","The author had a difficult childhood and went through several abusive or chaotic relationships as an adult. They finally found someone who made them feel alive, but the relationship fell apart when the person revealed a cruel side. Now, the author can't seem to date anyone else and can't imagine being with anyone else. They feel trapped and lonely, wanting a relationship but not knowing how to move on.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.0,3.0
95,"(155, 161)","(0.553, 0.755]","I've been hanging out with this girl for a few months and we became great friends. There was always some underlying tension between us, but neither of us acted on it. We hung out a couple of times, cuddled, but nothing more. To be honest, I'm not sure what I wanted from her. I guess I just wanted support. I wanted someone to share how I felt with. <br><br>I had recently been through a bad breakup and I was doing everything self destructive I could think of. I wanted affection and comfort but I didn't have the energy to give any of it back. She did. She would always talk to me, help me through the day, comfort me, and encourage me to take care of myself. She would buy me anything I needed for myself, she cooked me homecooked meals. She would constantly check up on me. And to be honest, I was kind of a bad friend. I wasn't as caring and considerate as she was. I didn't really give her much comfort even though I depended on her for her care. <br><br>After trauma dumping on her for a while and doing some inconsiderate things, she started distancing herself from me. I thought that it was always just the fact that she was kind of pretty and giving me the support I needed that made me attracted to her. In my mind, I labeled her as replaceable and a placeholder. <br><br>But she's not that. She's genuinely funny, kind, beautiful, smart, and caring. She's everything a guy could want in a girl, but now she avoids me. I'm still not sure what I want out of this, but I know I made a mistake. And at this point I have no idea how to fix it.","Before I went through my trauma, I cared about every little thing people said or thought about me. I cared about life and thought life had meaning and I played an important role. But after growing up and going through hard times, I just stopped caring. In some ways, I feel like I'm better. I'm not anxious anymore, I don't let what other people say get to me, I help people without getting personally invested. <br><br>It's not like I don't care at all, but it's not enough. But through this apathy, I realize I hurt my partner, my friends and family (and even implicitly my coworkers and other peers). I unintentionally became a bit of an asshole because I believe that my words and actions ultimately dont affect anyone because they don't respect or care about me enough for it to affect them. <br><br>I don't share significant parts of my life and I keep everything to myself because I believe that people don't care about me. I know now that this is a response to my past experiences and I'm trying to be better but it's so hard. Because letting yourself feel again is scarier than losing people.","
The storyteller has been hanging out with a girl for a few months, and they had a great friendship with some underlying tension. The storyteller had recently gone through a bad breakup and was doing everything self-destructive, but the girl was always there for them, providing comfort and care. The storyteller realized they had been a bad friend and took the girl's support for granted, and now that she's distancing herself from them, they don't know how to fix it.","
The author used to care a lot about what people thought of them, but after going through trauma, they stopped caring and became apathetic. However, this caused them to unintentionally hurt their loved ones and they realized that they need to be better. They struggle with letting themselves feel again because it's scary.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.5,4.0,4.0
96,"(155, 218)","(0.553, 0.755]","I've been hanging out with this girl for a few months and we became great friends. There was always some underlying tension between us, but neither of us acted on it. We hung out a couple of times, cuddled, but nothing more. To be honest, I'm not sure what I wanted from her. I guess I just wanted support. I wanted someone to share how I felt with. <br><br>I had recently been through a bad breakup and I was doing everything self destructive I could think of. I wanted affection and comfort but I didn't have the energy to give any of it back. She did. She would always talk to me, help me through the day, comfort me, and encourage me to take care of myself. She would buy me anything I needed for myself, she cooked me homecooked meals. She would constantly check up on me. And to be honest, I was kind of a bad friend. I wasn't as caring and considerate as she was. I didn't really give her much comfort even though I depended on her for her care. <br><br>After trauma dumping on her for a while and doing some inconsiderate things, she started distancing herself from me. I thought that it was always just the fact that she was kind of pretty and giving me the support I needed that made me attracted to her. In my mind, I labeled her as replaceable and a placeholder. <br><br>But she's not that. She's genuinely funny, kind, beautiful, smart, and caring. She's everything a guy could want in a girl, but now she avoids me. I'm still not sure what I want out of this, but I know I made a mistake. And at this point I have no idea how to fix it.","A friend that I was close to died in a car accident a couple weeks ago. I'm feeling crushed emotionally and I know that my sadness has made me seclude myself. I took a few days off from work to grieve my friend. <br><br>Yesterday, a girl from my office texted me and asked if she could come by. My office had put together a card for me and although we've been teleworking (because of COVID) this girl drove to different coworkers homes and had them sign the card with notes of support to me. <br><br>She came by today and gave me the card, gave me a long, tight hug, and to my surprise she kissed my cheek. I've had a crush on this girl for a while but I've been quiet about it as I was dating someone else until recently. Her kissing my cheek wasn't expected, but it made me smile. <br><br>It does feel good to have people in your corner when you're feeling down. I appreciate it more than I know how to say.","
The storyteller has been hanging out with a girl for a few months, and they had a great friendship with some underlying tension. The storyteller had recently gone through a bad breakup and was doing everything self-destructive, but the girl was always there for them, providing comfort and care. The storyteller realized they had been a bad friend and took the girl's support for granted, and now that she's distancing herself from them, they don't know how to fix it.","
The author's friend died in a car accident and they took a few days off work to grieve. A girl from their office visited them and gave them a card with messages of support from other coworkers, as well as a hug and a kiss on the cheek. The author admits to having a crush on the girl, but appreciates the support from everyone during this difficult time.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.0,1.0,1.0
97,"(156, 169)","(0.553, 0.755]","I don't really know what real life friends are anymore. I had friends in elementary and middle school. I would always talk to them and we would laugh and do stuff together but we would never interact outside of school. After Covid hit most of my friends moved and anyone who stayed doesn't talk to me willingly. I don't understand why. <br><br>Thinking about it I began to realize that they weren't real friends. They were people who I interacted with just to make school bearable. I began to realize that I had no real friends and wouldn't have any for the rest of my school life. People say your high school years are your best years but that hasn't been the case. <br><br>I have become the really quiet kid who literally only spoke if he had to. I actively try to make sure no one knows who I am and hope no one will remember me. I feel empty and can't imagine having friends in real life again. <br><br>I have online friends and have known them for years. They are the best thing to ever happen to me but I don't think I'll ever be able meet them in real life due to real life being a monster, money reasons and me being young. So I'm stuck here wondering if I'm going to be alone. If my online friends will eventually move on and I'll be completely alone. <br><br>I feel I will forget what having friends is like and what a friend is. I can already imagine sitting in a dimly lit apartment and staring at the ceiling, empty, alone, and wondering what the point of everything is. I wouldn't cry though because I am actively losing the ability to. <br><br>I just wonder if I will at least have friends in the future or if I will be completely alone, a shell doing stuff on autopilot.","About two years ago, I developed a connection with someone I met through Reddit, and we pretty quickly shifted our conversations off of Reddit. We chatted and stuff pretty much every day for several months. <br><br>I made a lot of mistakes that ended up pushing that person away. I know it is what it is, though. There's nothing to be done about it now. <br><br>I've just been in a reflective mood lately, and I got to thinking about how much I enjoyed that connection, because I haven't had anything like that since, and I just miss it.","The author reflects on their lack of real-life friends since childhood, realizing that their school friends were merely acquaintances. They have become a quiet and withdrawn person, feeling empty and unable to imagine having friends again. While they have online friends, they fear that they will eventually be alone and forget what it means to have friends.","
The author connected with someone on Reddit and they moved their conversations off the platform. They talked every day for several months but the author made mistakes that pushed the person away. The author misses the connection and has been reflecting on it lately.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.0
98,"(158, 162)","(0.553, 0.755]","I wasn't really ever that close with my mother. I would see her as a child when I could, because she had diabetes and her mental health was bad. She also had substance issues and a new boyfriend every 3 months. <br><br>One day my grandma gets a call that my mom is in the hospital. That day I decided to not go into her hospital room because I was used to visiting her in the hospital due to her health. I always regret that I didn't go see her. I don't even remember the last time I saw her alive. <br><br>She was in a coma. I was 11 years old when she died. My mom was friends with drug addicts, and what not so I never knew fully how she died. Some of my family members told me it was from heroine. Others say it was her diabetes. I don't even know who was with her when she spoke her last words. <br><br>She died a couple weeks after I just started middle school. I felt so alone. The last time I saw her was in an open casket with 10 pounds of makeup to cover up. <br><br>I was still grieving so I decided to skip her funeral because I was scared.","I am in my first year of college, and I miss my mom to a life-threatening degree. I keep getting sick and I never know how to handle it, and I have horrible health anxiety and can't ever get myself out of the colossal breakdowns I have every time I feel like something is wrong with my body. It's like every day is a living nightmare. <br><br>I love my classes, I love learning, I want to get my PhD and become a professor, but I just can't stand college and can't stand getting sick constantly and having no one around to help me deal with my emotions or to tell me I'll be okay. <br><br>I can't do it anymore. I just can't do it anymore, but Im $14k late.","
The author had a distant relationship with their mother, who struggled with diabetes, mental health, and substance abuse. When their mother was hospitalized, the author chose not to visit and later regretted it. The mother passed away and the author missed the funeral due to grief and fear. The cause of death is unknown, with some family members suggesting drug use and others blaming diabetes.","
A college student is struggling with severe homesickness and health anxiety, causing constant breakdowns and difficulty coping with illness. Despite enjoying her classes and academic goals, she feels overwhelmed and unsupported. However, she is also facing financial difficulties, with $14k in unpaid fees adding to her stress.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.0,2.0,1.0
99,"(158, 229)","(0.553, 0.755]","I wasn't really ever that close with my mother. I would see her as a child when I could, because she had diabetes and her mental health was bad. She also had substance issues and a new boyfriend every 3 months. <br><br>One day my grandma gets a call that my mom is in the hospital. That day I decided to not go into her hospital room because I was used to visiting her in the hospital due to her health. I always regret that I didn't go see her. I don't even remember the last time I saw her alive. <br><br>She was in a coma. I was 11 years old when she died. My mom was friends with drug addicts, and what not so I never knew fully how she died. Some of my family members told me it was from heroine. Others say it was her diabetes. I don't even know who was with her when she spoke her last words. <br><br>She died a couple weeks after I just started middle school. I felt so alone. The last time I saw her was in an open casket with 10 pounds of makeup to cover up. <br><br>I was still grieving so I decided to skip her funeral because I was scared.","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","
The author had a distant relationship with their mother, who struggled with diabetes, mental health, and substance abuse. When their mother was hospitalized, the author chose not to visit and later regretted it. The mother passed away and the author missed the funeral due to grief and fear. The cause of death is unknown, with some family members suggesting drug use and others blaming diabetes.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,2.5
100,"(16, 81)","(0.553, 0.755]","The biggest thing to happen to me is finding out I am going to be a father. My wife and I had been trying to conceive a child for sometime now. But we hadn't had much success. However, we found out in march that we were pregnant! I can't begin to describe the excitement that I felt when I found out we were having a baby. I was so happy to find this news out as was my family! <br><br>Then a couple months later we found out we were having a girl!! At first I was scared because being a guy I knew I didn't know all the ins and outs of what a girl goes through. The one thing I knew for sure was that there was nobody that would love this girl more than I do! I can't wait for her to get here. <br><br>My wife and I decided on a name right away. We came to the decision rather easily without much fuss. It's a name that we have liked for some time now. My mom is also very excited about it, because my nieces from my sister are getting older now. So it'll be nice for her to have a baby to care for. <br><br>Again this is probably the biggest moment of my life let alone the last 6 months.","Today I went to meet another newborn. With flowers for mom and gift for baby in hand, I made my way through the hospital hallways, recalling the memories of the birth of my own baby, my now two year old and husband walking alongside me. <br><br>In the past few months, the baby fever has overwhelmed me, made me giddy with excitement, and brought me to tears. After a very difficult and traumatic labor and delivery two years back, I never thought I would want another one so soon. But here I was walking in the hallways, past the nursery, the faint echo of brand-new baby cries lingering into my heart. <br><br>It seemed like everyone near and dear to me was either pregnant, or just had a brand new baby, something I long for so bad. But I know, realistically, right now would not be the ideal time for cradles and bibs. That time, I know, is so close, but seemingly so far away. <br><br>There are things that must be done to prepare; the unchecked list runs through my head every single day. My body needs to be 20-30 pounds lighter. We need to figure out a few financial things. I need to get my dentist work done first. I need to read all the books and do all the research. My husband, also with his own worries and fears, needs to be on the same page. <br><br>Somehow my many ""needs"" have put my one major ""want"" on hold, and it's resulted in a sin called envy. I greet another tired mama, stare at another sweet sleeping babe, and hand in hand with my husband, walk out the door. <br><br>We get into the car, and I let out a heavy, longing sigh. My husband, looks me straight in the eyes. ""What?"" I ask. He doesn't speak, just gives me a small smile. We speak to each other without speaking. I smile back as tears fall down my cheeks. <br><br>I close my eyes and the list appears. Check. My heart is content.","The writer and his wife had been trying to conceive for some time and were thrilled to find out they were pregnant in March, and even more excited when they found out they were having a girl. They quickly decided on a name and are looking forward to welcoming their daughter into the world. This is the biggest moment of the writer's life in the last 6 months.","The author visits a hospital to meet a newborn and their mother, which brings back memories of their own child's birth. Despite feeling overwhelmed with baby fever, the author knows that now is not the ideal time for another child and there are things that need to be done to prepare. Despite feeling envious of other new mothers, the author's husband reassures them and they both silently communicate their desire for another child.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.0,2.5
101,"(160, 207)","(0.519, 0.553]","It seems like a lot of life is like building a tower for yourself. You advance in your career. You build social relationships. You get financial stability. Each building block on this tower that is my ""life"". It feels like each part of the tower could so easily fall. A wrong career move, friendships fading, some financial stressor. <br><br>Each block I place on the tower is a negative action rather than a positive one, since all it does is fill me with terror. Other people have helped me build the tower. What will they think if it falls? <br><br>I just don't understand how people do it. They build these glorious towers and seem to view each block as so stable, each block as an achievement. I feel like I must be missing something, but I can't figure out what. <br><br>I'm so afraid of living the rest of my life like this, but it's what everyone else does and there's no way out beyond knocking over the tower and abandoning everything.","I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","
The author compares life to building a tower, with each block representing career, relationships, and financial stability. They feel that each block is precarious and could easily fall, causing fear and anxiety. Despite seeing others build stable towers, the author feels lost and afraid, unsure of how to achieve stability without risking everything.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
102,"(160, 244)","(0.519, 0.553]","It seems like a lot of life is like building a tower for yourself. You advance in your career. You build social relationships. You get financial stability. Each building block on this tower that is my ""life"". It feels like each part of the tower could so easily fall. A wrong career move, friendships fading, some financial stressor. <br><br>Each block I place on the tower is a negative action rather than a positive one, since all it does is fill me with terror. Other people have helped me build the tower. What will they think if it falls? <br><br>I just don't understand how people do it. They build these glorious towers and seem to view each block as so stable, each block as an achievement. I feel like I must be missing something, but I can't figure out what. <br><br>I'm so afraid of living the rest of my life like this, but it's what everyone else does and there's no way out beyond knocking over the tower and abandoning everything.","In first grade when they asked me what I wanted to do, I said I want to study the stars. So, it's lucky that it worked out. Most of the times people say, I wanna be a football player, whatever, movie star, it doesn't work out. In my case it worked out, but I was lucky that way. Astronomy, before I went to college, was something I really thought I could do. <br><br>But I just doubt myself a lot. It's inevitable. When you're trying to push yourself, there are always moments when you think, maybe this is too hard , maybe I can not do it. But my answer to that is that, if you don't feel that way, it means you're not pushing yourself enough. If you never go out of your comfort zone, then you're not really trying very hard. It's part of learning and part of growing up , is figuring out things that you didn't know you could do, and then you do them. <br><br>Sometimes you fail. Sometimes you succeed. First of all, in research most of what you do, fails miserably, because you're trying to do something that nobody knows how to do. So you have to really like failure. Embrace failure. Accept that failure is gonna be part of the process.","
The author compares life to building a tower, with each block representing career, relationships, and financial stability. They feel that each block is precarious and could easily fall, causing fear and anxiety. Despite seeing others build stable towers, the author feels lost and afraid, unsure of how to achieve stability without risking everything.","
The author wanted to study the stars since first grade and was lucky to make it a career. Doubting oneself is inevitable while pushing oneself out of the comfort zone. Failure is a part of the process in research and it's essential to embrace it.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
103,"(161, 181)","(0.553, 0.755]","Before I went through my trauma, I cared about every little thing people said or thought about me. I cared about life and thought life had meaning and I played an important role. But after growing up and going through hard times, I just stopped caring. In some ways, I feel like I'm better. I'm not anxious anymore, I don't let what other people say get to me, I help people without getting personally invested. <br><br>It's not like I don't care at all, but it's not enough. But through this apathy, I realize I hurt my partner, my friends and family (and even implicitly my coworkers and other peers). I unintentionally became a bit of an asshole because I believe that my words and actions ultimately dont affect anyone because they don't respect or care about me enough for it to affect them. <br><br>I don't share significant parts of my life and I keep everything to myself because I believe that people don't care about me. I know now that this is a response to my past experiences and I'm trying to be better but it's so hard. Because letting yourself feel again is scarier than losing people.","There are songs that are generally motivational/moving/happy. The ones that give you a confidence boost or tell you it's going to be okay. Basically the ones that relate to mental health overall. Those songs used to make me cry and I never understood why, because they're supposed to be motivating. <br><br>I went through something really bad recently and that event kinda opened my eyes a bit, helped me learn to love myself, and helped me see things clearer. Now I'm smiling as I listen to these songs because I know I've achieved the positivity the songs promote. <br><br>And I now realize I used to cry listening to them because I was hoping for a positivity I didn't have. Loving yourself is a core part of self care and good mental health.","
The author used to care a lot about what people thought of them, but after going through trauma, they stopped caring and became apathetic. However, this caused them to unintentionally hurt their loved ones and they realized that they need to be better. They struggle with letting themselves feel again because it's scary.","
The writer used to cry listening to motivational songs because they hoped for positivity they didn't have. They recently went through a bad experience that helped them learn to love themselves and achieve the positivity promoted in the songs. The writer now understands that loving oneself is crucial for good mental health and self-care.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
104,"(162, 279)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am in my first year of college, and I miss my mom to a life-threatening degree. I keep getting sick and I never know how to handle it, and I have horrible health anxiety and can't ever get myself out of the colossal breakdowns I have every time I feel like something is wrong with my body. It's like every day is a living nightmare. <br><br>I love my classes, I love learning, I want to get my PhD and become a professor, but I just can't stand college and can't stand getting sick constantly and having no one around to help me deal with my emotions or to tell me I'll be okay. <br><br>I can't do it anymore. I just can't do it anymore, but Im $14k late.","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","
A college student is struggling with severe homesickness and health anxiety, causing constant breakdowns and difficulty coping with illness. Despite enjoying her classes and academic goals, she feels overwhelmed and unsupported. However, she is also facing financial difficulties, with $14k in unpaid fees adding to her stress.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.5
105,"(163, 165)","(0.48, 0.498]","I was severely abused by a friend and ex relative. During Covid, I was in a bad place and was 17 still living at home. I was abused sexually, mentally and physically by this guy we will call A. My mom knew it was going on, and she would let him in the house when I wouldn't text him back and he even tried kicking in my door when I locked myself in to keep him away from me. Nothing was ever done. I was always screamed at about my pill addiction (which he started) and weed smoking but he was always the issue. <br><br>I sent myself to a mental institution in a desperate attempt to get away. I didn't until I finally had enough saved to move out. That's when I met my neighbor who became my boyfriend who saved me. He is my everything. I owe him the world. <br><br>My sister is now stuck in an abusive relationship. She left him once, and my mother screamed at her and called her stupid. He's not a good kid. He acts like it, but my sister has told me and my boyfriend the truth. He's sexually abused her, hurt her, and talks down to her in front of everyone. My boyfriend has tried talking sense into my family, but it never works. <br><br>I'm so scared for her, that he will do something before she can truly get away. She doesn't understand what is happening. She was herself again when they broke up. Now that they're back together, there's no life in her voice, no light in her eyes. She never smiles. <br><br>I miss my baby sister, the funny one who had me in tears on the floor. We've offered her a room in our house, but she doesn't want to leave the family animals behind. I feel helpless.","Seems like every day I find a video that helps me not only discover and face my traumas, but learn how to deal with them. I can't see a therapist right now, but I'm trying to navigate my healing as best as I can until then. <br><br>It's helped me realize symptoms of mental disorders I likely have. It's helped me realize just how traumatizing my childhood and current living situation is. It's helped me realize I'm not alone. <br><br>It's given me starting points to discuss when I finally am able to get help.","The author was severely abused by a friend and ex-relative, and their mother knew about it but did nothing. The author eventually moved out and met their boyfriend who saved them. The author's sister is now in an abusive relationship, but the family is not helping, and the author feels helpless.","
The writer is finding videos that are helping them to cope with their traumas and symptoms of mental disorders. They cannot see a therapist currently but are trying to navigate their healing process on their own until then. The videos have also helped them to realize they are not alone and given them starting points to discuss when they finally do get help.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.5,4.0,3.5
106,"(167, 184)","(0.519, 0.553]","My energy levels are so depleted that even the thought of eating makes me feel sick. I've barely eaten in days. In fact, I had to leave work early today because I was physically unable to stay and as soon as I came home I passed out on my bed. I only just woke up, at 8 pm, but every waking thought I have is of this deep and utter hopelessness I feel within my life, and the intruding thoughts telling me that maybe I deserve this, maybe I'm just never meant to be happy at all. <br><br>I don't even know where to begin on my path to recovery, because my entire life just feels completely out of my own hands. All I want to do is stay crawled up in a ball and cry, yet that is also the one thing I don't want to do at all.","I'm a first year college student and I was so anxious about finals and stressed out over studying. There were nights I was staying up until 2 AM studying for my tests and reading things. I had no idea what to expect for finals week except what I had seen online and how my friends who are upperclassmen described it. <br><br>Finals were simultaneously what I was and wasn't expecting. I knew they would be challenging given how my midterms were, but I wasn't expecting the whole ordeal to be so stressful, especially the week prior to finals. There were times I considered giving up and dropping out I was so stressed out! <br><br>But thanks to the awesome support team that I have on campus and at home, I was able to push through it all and now I'm finally done! It feels so good to be able to relax and enjoy the holidays with my family! I can't wait to catch up with my old friends!","
The author is experiencing extreme fatigue and has not been eating. They had to leave work early and feel hopeless and undeserving of happiness. They don't know where to begin with recovery and feel out of control of their life, wanting to cry but also not wanting to.","
A first-year college student was anxious and stressed about finals, often studying until 2 AM. Although they expected the exams to be challenging, they were surprised by the level of stress leading up to them. With the help of their support system, the student was able to push through and is now relieved to be finished and ready to enjoy the holidays.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,1.5,1.5
107,"(168, 188)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm currently navigating date 6 with a lady who is in an open style relationship, not the traditional hook up type, but essentially she can have relationships outside her relationship. I went into it being extremely guarded. I guess I am still guarded. <br><br>We are both getting strong feelings for each other. She always tells me she misses me and wishes she was with me. That she has never felt this way about dating someone. Maybe part of that is down to the fact that I'm the first man she has dated since they opened their relationship. <br><br>The sex is honestly amazing. We both were genuinely blown away. I couldn't stop thinking of her after our first time together. We have a lot in common. We make each other laugh. <br><br>I'm pretty scared that we have both fallen in love with each other. Without saying the word or declaring the fact. I'm glad if we have. I remind myself it could be over any moment. Maybe in a different life, we'd be together.","Me and my wife met in primary school. When we went to high school we started dating. After 2 years of experience and lots of problems we broke up. <br><br>2 years we have stayed away from each other. Then after a good time thinking about our life, our plans, and dreams, we started dating again. <br><br>Now everything was different. Now I know that I've found the woman for me. The woman I want to spend all my life with!","
The writer is dating a woman who is in an open relationship and they are both developing strong feelings for each other. They have great sexual chemistry and a lot in common, but the writer is guarded due to the nature of their relationship. They are scared of falling in love as it could end at any moment.","
The author met their wife in primary school and started dating in high school. After two years, they broke up but two years later, they got back together after reflecting on their lives and dreams. The author realizes that they have found the woman they want to spend the rest of their life with.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.0
108,"(169, 174)","(0.553, 0.755]","About two years ago, I developed a connection with someone I met through Reddit, and we pretty quickly shifted our conversations off of Reddit. We chatted and stuff pretty much every day for several months. <br><br>I made a lot of mistakes that ended up pushing that person away. I know it is what it is, though. There's nothing to be done about it now. <br><br>I've just been in a reflective mood lately, and I got to thinking about how much I enjoyed that connection, because I haven't had anything like that since, and I just miss it.",I've never been in a friendship where I've felt comfortable and confident before. But today I realized that I did it. I realized this when I was feeling overwhelmed and pretty crappy and my friend didn't try to insult me or make me feel worse. <br><br>But she helped me and stayed with me. I know this seems like the very bare minimum but to me it means the world.,"
The author connected with someone on Reddit and they moved their conversations off the platform. They talked every day for several months but the author made mistakes that pushed the person away. The author misses the connection and has been reflecting on it lately.","
The writer has never felt comfortable and confident in a friendship before. However, their friend helped them when they were feeling overwhelmed and did not insult them. This meant a lot to the writer, despite seeming like the bare minimum.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
109,"(169, 176)","(0.553, 0.755]","About two years ago, I developed a connection with someone I met through Reddit, and we pretty quickly shifted our conversations off of Reddit. We chatted and stuff pretty much every day for several months. <br><br>I made a lot of mistakes that ended up pushing that person away. I know it is what it is, though. There's nothing to be done about it now. <br><br>I've just been in a reflective mood lately, and I got to thinking about how much I enjoyed that connection, because I haven't had anything like that since, and I just miss it.","I love someone who doesn't love me. We are both in high school, but different ones. We met in 8th grade, and at first I just thought she was a shy but nice girl, but I got to know her and we became best friends. We helped each other through tough times and I started to love her. We were very close and I thought she might like me too. <br><br>I told her at the end of the year online because I was too scared to say it to her face. She said she just loved me as her best friend, nothing more. And since then a combination of that and moving to different high schools and we have stopped talking much. <br><br>I love her so much and have never felt like this for anyone. But she's such a good person who doesn't know it, and is so beautiful on the inside. I want to be with her for the rest of my life but she doesn't want me. <br><br>I don't know what to do. I love her so much, I want to be with her and hold hands and just coexist with her, but we never talk, we go months without speaking and when we talk it's just chatter, not like the actual convos we used to have. <br><br>I can tell I messed it up by telling her, and now what we had is ruined.","
The author connected with someone on Reddit and they moved their conversations off the platform. They talked every day for several months but the author made mistakes that pushed the person away. The author misses the connection and has been reflecting on it lately.","
The author loves someone who only sees them as a friend. They met in 8th grade and became close, but the author's confession of love has led to less communication between them. The author still loves this person and wishes they could be together, but is unsure of what to do now.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.0
110,"(17, 88)","(0.553, 0.755]","This year both of my kids are in school. Although my older son was in school the past two years, part time and then a full day, I always had my youngest with me. I can't remember the last time I was consistently alone, well I can but it was about five years ago. Their dad works full time and is almost never home, and never does anything related to school activities. <br><br>The first day was crazy for me. I drove to my oldest son's school and got him settled with her and made sure he was comfortable and confident starting Kindergarten. I hightailed in out of there back to the car and got my youngest back in his seat and booked it to his school. Of course we live in a ridiculous town which hasn't done construction work all summer, yet they chose the first day of school to close down the roads surrounding two of our biggest schools. <br><br>I was already rushing because my sons are supposed to be at their school 5 minutes apart and that's not even humanly possible, although I'll still always try. Finally got to my second son's school and got inside to find his teachers, get him all signed in and I just made it in time. I said goodbye and felt bad for all the parents whose kids were screaming, crying, hitting because they didn't want to leave their parents or go to school. <br><br>My son walked out with his class and I left the building. All these other parents were crying and visibly upset about leaving their kids at school, I literally walked out the door, stood still for a moment and took a deep breath. I finally was alone, and it was going to happen again tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that. <br><br>I felt guilty all the other moms were looking at me like I'm a lunatic because I'm relieved and not bawling my eyes out. But honestly to each their own, and if they had my kids instead of theirs I can tell you they'd be the one breathing a sigh of relief. <br><br>For the first time in five years, I have time alone.","This has been an extremely exhausting last few months, emotionally. My mother, who has always suffered with anxiety and depression, was admitted into a psychiatric ward in May after a particularly difficult bout of depression. We found out she was not taking her medicine. She had entered into a psychotic state and it ended up taking 5 weeks before she could be released. She changed hospitals twice. <br><br>I do not live where my mother does so I had to take time off work and spend a lot of time traveling. It was unbelievably exhausting. I did, however, develop a lot of friendships with her caretakers. <br><br>In the end she made huge progress, thankfully. However we are all concerned the issue will return. She is home now and doing ok but she may never be the same. Now she is doing group therapy weekly. Additionally she is back on meds that should work. <br><br>I am back to work now and do not visit as much. I used to feel guilty but at this point I am beyond tired.","A mother reflects on her experience of having both her children in school for the first time, finally giving her some alone time. She rushed between the two schools and managed to get her youngest son settled in on time. While many parents were crying and upset about leaving their children at school, the mother was relieved to finally have some time to herself after five years of constantly having her children with her.","
The author's mother was admitted to a psychiatric ward due to anxiety and depression and not taking her medication. After five weeks and changing hospitals twice, she was released and is now doing group therapy and back on medication. The author had to take time off work and travel to be with their mother, but is now back to work and feeling exhausted.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,3.0,1.5,2.0
111,"(172, 174)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Battling a debt-ridden business through COVID, a recent divorce (I left my abuser) and spending endless spare times in and out of the hospital with my child, no sleep, no days off, I've felt like I've been through a lot with no help. <br><br>I went on one of those dating apps and found a girl that I got along well with. At her house we sat all night drinking during a weeknight, singing, dancing like idiots. We calmed down and just embraced each other. <br><br>She didn't know my story and softly says to me, you look tired. She knew my struggles without even knowing. She could see past the laughs and jokes and massaged my head while I just sat there with my eyes closed. <br><br>She opened up to me about her problems that she couldn't tell anyone else in the world and I shared mine with her. It's crazy how transparent we are with complete strangers. <br><br>I'll never forget those words she said, because I could tell she was genuinely worried for me. I don't know why but it's stuck with me ever since.",I've never been in a friendship where I've felt comfortable and confident before. But today I realized that I did it. I realized this when I was feeling overwhelmed and pretty crappy and my friend didn't try to insult me or make me feel worse. <br><br>But she helped me and stayed with me. I know this seems like the very bare minimum but to me it means the world.,"
A person, struggling with debt, a recent divorce, and a sick child, found solace in a girl they met on a dating app. During a night of drinking and dancing, the girl noticed the person looked tired, and offered to give them a massage. They opened up to each other, sharing their problems, and found comfort in each other's company. The person was touched by the girl's genuine concern for them and will never forget her kindness.","
The writer has never felt comfortable and confident in a friendship before. However, their friend helped them when they were feeling overwhelmed and did not insult them. This meant a lot to the writer, despite seeming like the bare minimum.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.5,3.5
112,"(179, 190)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Tomorrow is my boyfriend's birthday and I am just reflecting back on how kind he is and how I like seeing his face and hearing his voice, I really like video chatting with him. <br><br>How whenever I hang out with him I just feel so calmed down and I kinda forget about my problems at home. I feel wanted. I really like his presence and I just hope he does for me too. <br><br>I hold him dearly near to my heart."," Outside of a job/income, I've got everything I could want. A little apartment with the love of my life with flowers on the windowsill, and plans to tidy up and furnish the place. None of the things that I dreaded from my old homes have followed me here. Everything's pleasant and peaceful, I can trust that the person I want to make happy in life also wants me to be happy, we do things together to make ourselves a nice home. <br><br>There's no bitterness or spite or taking bad moods out to anyone, he's just as interested as I am about making a nice home we'll both enjoy. It's become a habit for both of us to just go express affection as a sign of being in a good mood, for something completely unrelated. The apartment is small so I can stop to kiss him on my way to the fridge and back, we can kiss while hanging up laundry, and hold hands while running boring errands and getting groceries. I can make him laugh. <br><br>Today he laid down on the bed for a while to get a break from sitting while gaming. So I went to kiss him, and as I got up, I took off his left sock and took it with me. He was so baffled that I'd do something like that for literally no reason that he started laughing, and his laughter is sunshine. <br><br>Today we're taking my old, broken table to recycling, it was replaced by the nice, prettier, sturdy table his parents bought for us. The apartment we share together is still a chaotic mess, but it is the mess that I want to be in. Life is nice.","
The author is reflecting on her kind and calming boyfriend as his birthday approaches. She enjoys video chatting with him and feels wanted in his presence. She holds him dearly near to her heart.","The story is about a person who is happy with their life despite not having a job. They live with their partner in a small apartment and enjoy making it a comfortable home. They share affection and happiness with their partner, and even do silly things like taking off their partner's sock for no reason. They are content with their messy but happy life.",1,,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,4.0
113,"(18, 201)","(0.553, 0.755]","A few weeks ago my boyfriend found out his roommate was going to be moving out. He was telling me about it, acting kind of nervous. We were having dinner together, we had ordered food to his apartment, and having a nice night together. He then stops eating, puts down his fork and turns to me. <br><br>He tells me that things have been going really well with us and he's been thinking about this for awhile. He says that we spend most nights at the same apartment anyway, and, while it's not the reason he's asking, with his roommate moving out it just makes the most sense to move in together. He reassures me that he's not asking because it's convenient for him, but that he's been wanting to and it's just practical to do it now. <br><br>We have been dating for about 2 years, and I had been thinking about taking that step too. I tell him that I think it sounds perfect, that I had been thinking about it too. We spend the night talking about how we'll handle it. We discuss where we'll live, if we'll take one of our current apartments or find a new one. <br><br>We decide to both live at his current apartment, it's bigger than mine since I lived alone and in a good area that is convenient for both of us. It felt so good to be taking this step with him. He doesn't always like to talk about feeling so this shows me where he stand with me and our relationship. I don't remember being that happy for a long time.","I am in a long distance relationship but I am separated from my significant other by a few hours. I am a nurse at a great hospital but quite frankly, my management sucks and my doctors act like Karens. I have woken up dreading going to work for so long that it's my normal. These people have sucked the joy out of what I so passionately love to do. <br><br>I did try to wait it out to see if things would get better over time, but with no success. We've been together for less than a year but have talked about closing the gap. I've met his family and friends and vice versa. Nothing but good things from both sides. <br><br>This guy I am sure with every cell in my body that we're destined to be together. I'm gonna husband that man someday. I would be the moving party between the both of us and I'm absolutely okay with that. <br><br>I had updated my resume and sent some applications out last week, not expecting to hear anything from anyone until this week. I have an interview set for Friday morning and if all goes well, I will accept a position in my significant other's town doing what I love to do! <br><br>And that means we can finally start our lives together. And that gives me so much hope for the future.","The writer's boyfriend asks her to move in with him after his roommate announces that he is moving out. They have been dating for two years and the writer had been thinking about taking that step too. They decide to move into the boyfriend's bigger apartment, which is in a convenient location for both of them.","The writer is in a long distance relationship, but is unhappy with their job as a nurse due to poor management and difficult doctors. They have decided to move to their significant other's town and have an interview for a job there. They are hopeful that this move will allow them to finally start their lives together.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,3.5,4.0,3.5
114,"(18, 90)","(0.553, 0.755]","A few weeks ago my boyfriend found out his roommate was going to be moving out. He was telling me about it, acting kind of nervous. We were having dinner together, we had ordered food to his apartment, and having a nice night together. He then stops eating, puts down his fork and turns to me. <br><br>He tells me that things have been going really well with us and he's been thinking about this for awhile. He says that we spend most nights at the same apartment anyway, and, while it's not the reason he's asking, with his roommate moving out it just makes the most sense to move in together. He reassures me that he's not asking because it's convenient for him, but that he's been wanting to and it's just practical to do it now. <br><br>We have been dating for about 2 years, and I had been thinking about taking that step too. I tell him that I think it sounds perfect, that I had been thinking about it too. We spend the night talking about how we'll handle it. We discuss where we'll live, if we'll take one of our current apartments or find a new one. <br><br>We decide to both live at his current apartment, it's bigger than mine since I lived alone and in a good area that is convenient for both of us. It felt so good to be taking this step with him. He doesn't always like to talk about feeling so this shows me where he stand with me and our relationship. I don't remember being that happy for a long time.","On July 9, 2019 I moving in with my Celia. This is kinda weird, because this is the first time I have ever moved in with a partner. I have had partners where we would spend 10 straight nights together, but we never reached the point where we had a dresser or permanent spot for clothes/ accessories. Walking through the door was such a rush of excitement and washing away of nerves to see the place I will be living in finally. <br><br>It is crazy to be moving all the way across the country to chase down a relationship, but this is a crazy amazing opportunity. I'm so grateful that I decided to go off and take this risk as well as my parents supporting it. Their contribution to make this happen really makes it all possible. The sadness of really having my friends and family so far gone, is at least now not present, because of my focus on the now. <br><br>It's so reassuring to see Celia's perkiness and hear the positivity in her voice. It is such a reaffirmation of the decision to watch her show me her place that she has shown me so much before but only through her phone. It is midday and it is hot up here. That doesn't get in the way of just pressing her body so tightly to the side of mine as she talks about each room. The heat is like melting us together and I feel that close to her. Just energy of joy is bounding through my body. <br><br>Each part of the tour is revealing a part of my future, however long or short it is. As the day goes on, I still feel like a guest in the house, but that feeling is slowly riding away. Celia prepared a wonderful salad for us for dinner, which is just not her thing. It was great though, because it was her way of going out of her way to make this a great first day. Washing the dishes with her really made me feel closer and more part of the homeness that I hope to settle into. <br><br>Finding a good groove to sit in felt like I was making a long term investment. While she laid under my arm it placed over her like a puzzle piece fitting in. It feels like the right decision and that this is going to be a positive experience no matter how it ends.","The writer's boyfriend asks her to move in with him after his roommate announces that he is moving out. They have been dating for two years and the writer had been thinking about taking that step too. They decide to move into the boyfriend's bigger apartment, which is in a convenient location for both of them.","The author has moved in with their partner, Celia, for the first time. Despite the distance from their friends and family, they feel grateful for the opportunity and reassured by Celia's positivity. The day is spent touring the house and settling in, with the author feeling closer to Celia and hopeful for a positive experience.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,2.5
115,"(180, 279)","(0.553, 0.755]","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,1.5,2.0
116,"(180, 295)","(0.553, 0.755]","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","I was born and raised in Hong Kong. After I graduated from high school, I moved to California for college and I went to UC Davis. My parents advised me, you have three choices with your career, you can either be a doctor, or a lawyer, or an engineer. And thank God I chose engineer, because I fell in love with it. <br><br>I didn't think about going to an insurance industry. I had specific companies in mind that I wanted to work for related to chemical engineering. But then, when I stumbled upon FM Global, I was immediately hooked that I get to work with different risk managers and different facilities. So I thought that was the best opportunity that I could give myself to open my horizon a little bit. <br><br>So what I am doing now is heading up the cyber unit here in FM Global to make sure that we have the adequate engineering products and services so that we can offer our clients the best risk management solutions for cyber. <br><br>So we have been burning things up in a lab. We do explosions , we do shake tables for an earthquake , we fill rooms with water to test our flood barriers. But it's really time now to come up with a tool to help our clients to mitigate cyber risk as well. So I'm really excited to be part of that innovation team just to start up something new.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.","
The narrator was born and raised in Hong Kong, but moved to California for college where they studied engineering. They didn't plan on working in the insurance industry, but after discovering FM Global, they fell in love with the opportunity to work with different risk managers and facilities. They now head up the cyber unit at FM Global and are excited to be part of the innovation team developing new tools to mitigate cyber risk.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.0
117,"(180, 296)","(0.519, 0.553]","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","I went to culinary school when I was 16 year old. In the beginning I wasn't really planning to be a chef. I wanted to travel to different countries. I didn't speak all the languages in the countries I wanted to go. This meant I had to find something to do that can make money in the countries I was planning to go to. <br><br>Once I found my path, once I decided that was my path, my family and friends kinda pulled me back, to try and take me off that path. It's important to stay on that path and kind of ignore all that. <br><br>If you do not follow your path it's tough to be successful. You have to follow your path whatever it is. It's very important to listen to people too. But, whatever you think of it, you have to follow your own path.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.","
The author went to culinary school at 16 but wasn't initially interested in becoming a chef. They wanted to travel but realized they needed a way to make money in different countries. Despite resistance from family and friends, the author believes it's important to follow your own path and listen to others but ultimately make your own decisions.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.0,1.0
118,"(180, 309)","(0.553, 0.755]","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","When I was about 23 and I knew nothing about fashion, I knew no one, I remember the night before my shop opening, I was crying and ironing in the shop. Crying and ironing, thinking, ""Who did I think I was that I could do this?'' Crying, ironing, crying. I finally went home at 4 o'clock to be open again at 9am in the morning. <br><br>That day, I had lines outside my shop. I did the turnover I hoped I'd do in a week. I did it in that day. In a week, I did the turnover I hoped I'd do in a month. And it never stopped. It went on from there. <br><br>As you achieve success, along will come people who want to spoil it. And that is difficult. But when you do put yourself on this journey, it's actually about a journey of self-expression, it's a journey about how you live your life, and it's a huge personal growth journey.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.","
The story is about a woman who started a fashion shop at the age of 23 without any prior knowledge or connections in the industry. She was nervous and cried the night before the shop's opening, but to her surprise, there were lines outside her shop on the first day, and she made the turnover she had hoped for in a week. Her success continued from there, but she experienced challenges from people who wanted to spoil it. However, she realized that her journey was not just about achieving success but also about personal growth and self-expression.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.0
119,"(181, 199)","(0.553, 0.755]","There are songs that are generally motivational/moving/happy. The ones that give you a confidence boost or tell you it's going to be okay. Basically the ones that relate to mental health overall. Those songs used to make me cry and I never understood why, because they're supposed to be motivating. <br><br>I went through something really bad recently and that event kinda opened my eyes a bit, helped me learn to love myself, and helped me see things clearer. Now I'm smiling as I listen to these songs because I know I've achieved the positivity the songs promote. <br><br>And I now realize I used to cry listening to them because I was hoping for a positivity I didn't have. Loving yourself is a core part of self care and good mental health.","I was feeling a little down but I decided I would pick up my ukulele and learn a song. I learned Hallelujah, the Jeff Buckley version a while ago, and had forgotten it so I started with that. I played the same melody over and over again and it just made me appreciate how beautiful music is. <br><br>I'm feeling a lot better now. Music can bring so much joy and show beautiful harmony in a world full of so much chaos.","
The writer used to cry listening to motivational songs because they hoped for positivity they didn't have. They recently went through a bad experience that helped them learn to love themselves and achieve the positivity promoted in the songs. The writer now understands that loving oneself is crucial for good mental health and self-care.","
The author felt sad but decided to pick up their ukulele and learn a song. They chose to play Hallelujah and appreciated the beauty of the melody. The music made them feel better and reminded them of the joy that music can bring.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.5
120,"(183, 251)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm transgender, and a failed artist. I've never been abused but I didn't come from a happy home. For the longest time in my life, I was deeply unhappy. I was in a loop, I couldn't get a surgery to fix something that made my body repulsive to me because the doctors thought I was too depressed to endure it, and I was depressed because I was repulsed. I'd given up ever finding true love or a job I could endure. I had accepted nobody would want someone like me, either to love them or work for them. The things I could offer were simply not enough. <br><br>Today I woke up, bandages on my chest, with hands working well enough to draw. Surgery I had been fighting for for 15 years, and I finally had it, I'm free! As soon as I got my phone back, I sent the message to my boyfriend, the sweetest love of my life who is my sun and moonlight and my northern star, that everything went so great, I don't feel at all as bad as I was told that this would feel. <br><br>And I could draw, as I got my sketchbook back. I drew a little comic to let my online followers know that it was great, I can draw! I drew a comic about my relationship with my partner, that is how much I adore him, and people like them, they can relate with their own boyfriends, girlfriends and love of their life. <br><br>Once I can get to my locker to get headphones, I'm going to relax for the rest of the evening, watching videos of gold leaf application and other art piece restoration, art which I love and only recently realised I could study as a career! <br><br>I just startled the nurse who was about to bring me a cup of coffee, and I had to reassure her I'm just crying tears of joy.","I directed a play that worked very well in Boston, and one day a producer came to me and said, ""Your play is so vicious, so wonderful. We're gonna do, a special with your play.'' So I agreed. <br><br>And they shoot a film, Sixteen, and I was with a crew, and I was fascinated. I trained to direct actors, but I never worked in television or any movie before. <br><br>You have to be honest, about yourself, be honest with others, and be honest about what you want. If you have this spirit of doing what you want to do -- because I think that is the right thing -- you have to do it. ","
After struggling with being transgender and a failed artist, the author finally had the surgery they had been fighting for 15 years. They woke up with bandages on their chest and hands that could draw, feeling free and happy. They sent a message to their boyfriend and drew a comic about their relationship, realizing that they could pursue a career in art restoration.","
A director's successful play catches the attention of a producer who wants to create a special with it. The play is turned into a film called Sixteen and the director is fascinated by the process. The director emphasizes the importance of honesty with oneself and others in pursuing one's goals.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,1.5,1.5
121,"(183, 254)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm transgender, and a failed artist. I've never been abused but I didn't come from a happy home. For the longest time in my life, I was deeply unhappy. I was in a loop, I couldn't get a surgery to fix something that made my body repulsive to me because the doctors thought I was too depressed to endure it, and I was depressed because I was repulsed. I'd given up ever finding true love or a job I could endure. I had accepted nobody would want someone like me, either to love them or work for them. The things I could offer were simply not enough. <br><br>Today I woke up, bandages on my chest, with hands working well enough to draw. Surgery I had been fighting for for 15 years, and I finally had it, I'm free! As soon as I got my phone back, I sent the message to my boyfriend, the sweetest love of my life who is my sun and moonlight and my northern star, that everything went so great, I don't feel at all as bad as I was told that this would feel. <br><br>And I could draw, as I got my sketchbook back. I drew a little comic to let my online followers know that it was great, I can draw! I drew a comic about my relationship with my partner, that is how much I adore him, and people like them, they can relate with their own boyfriends, girlfriends and love of their life. <br><br>Once I can get to my locker to get headphones, I'm going to relax for the rest of the evening, watching videos of gold leaf application and other art piece restoration, art which I love and only recently realised I could study as a career! <br><br>I just startled the nurse who was about to bring me a cup of coffee, and I had to reassure her I'm just crying tears of joy.","I am now a PhD holder. Two weeks ago, I would still introduce myself as a fifth-year PhD candidate. I have a PhD in chemistry, and I will be walking next weekend. <br><br>I am actually from Mexico, and I was the first one to graduate from a university in the US with my bachelor's five years ago. Now I will be the first and only one to graduate with a PhD. <br><br>I did my bachelor's in chemistry. It was kinda natural that I was gonna go and do my PhD in chemistry. Somehow, I knew that that was the right thing to do. <br><br>I didn't know what I was gonna do with it. I don't know if the job that I get next or in 15 years will have anything to do with my PhD, but I know it's worth it.","
After struggling with being transgender and a failed artist, the author finally had the surgery they had been fighting for 15 years. They woke up with bandages on their chest and hands that could draw, feeling free and happy. They sent a message to their boyfriend and drew a comic about their relationship, realizing that they could pursue a career in art restoration.","
The author is now a PhD holder in chemistry, having graduated from a university in the US. They were also the first person from Mexico to graduate from the same university with a bachelor's degree. While they are unsure of where their degree will lead them, they believe it was a worthwhile pursuit.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,2.0
122,"(183, 283)","(0.519, 0.553]","I'm transgender, and a failed artist. I've never been abused but I didn't come from a happy home. For the longest time in my life, I was deeply unhappy. I was in a loop, I couldn't get a surgery to fix something that made my body repulsive to me because the doctors thought I was too depressed to endure it, and I was depressed because I was repulsed. I'd given up ever finding true love or a job I could endure. I had accepted nobody would want someone like me, either to love them or work for them. The things I could offer were simply not enough. <br><br>Today I woke up, bandages on my chest, with hands working well enough to draw. Surgery I had been fighting for for 15 years, and I finally had it, I'm free! As soon as I got my phone back, I sent the message to my boyfriend, the sweetest love of my life who is my sun and moonlight and my northern star, that everything went so great, I don't feel at all as bad as I was told that this would feel. <br><br>And I could draw, as I got my sketchbook back. I drew a little comic to let my online followers know that it was great, I can draw! I drew a comic about my relationship with my partner, that is how much I adore him, and people like them, they can relate with their own boyfriends, girlfriends and love of their life. <br><br>Once I can get to my locker to get headphones, I'm going to relax for the rest of the evening, watching videos of gold leaf application and other art piece restoration, art which I love and only recently realised I could study as a career! <br><br>I just startled the nurse who was about to bring me a cup of coffee, and I had to reassure her I'm just crying tears of joy.","I grew up in New York City. My mom was a schoolteacher in Harlem in the South Bronx. When I was 15, I graduated early from high school and spent a year working with my mom in Harlem as a school teacher, as a paraprofessional school teacher. <br><br>We weren't from a really wealthy family or anything, but we had educational privilege. As a teacher you see the rewards of working with individual kids and you see the inequality and unfairness all the time. <br><br>So, I was really aware of the fundamental injustice in our society but I felt a responsibility to do something with all the privilege that I had.","
After struggling with being transgender and a failed artist, the author finally had the surgery they had been fighting for 15 years. They woke up with bandages on their chest and hands that could draw, feeling free and happy. They sent a message to their boyfriend and drew a comic about their relationship, realizing that they could pursue a career in art restoration.","
The author grew up in New York City and worked with their mother as a paraprofessional school teacher in Harlem after graduating high school at 15. Despite not being from a wealthy family, they recognized the inequality and unfairness in society and felt a responsibility to use their educational privilege to make a difference.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.0,2.5
123,"(184, 186)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm a first year college student and I was so anxious about finals and stressed out over studying. There were nights I was staying up until 2 AM studying for my tests and reading things. I had no idea what to expect for finals week except what I had seen online and how my friends who are upperclassmen described it. <br><br>Finals were simultaneously what I was and wasn't expecting. I knew they would be challenging given how my midterms were, but I wasn't expecting the whole ordeal to be so stressful, especially the week prior to finals. There were times I considered giving up and dropping out I was so stressed out! <br><br>But thanks to the awesome support team that I have on campus and at home, I was able to push through it all and now I'm finally done! It feels so good to be able to relax and enjoy the holidays with my family! I can't wait to catch up with my old friends!","I checked my credit score and it was over 800! Just a few months ago I was overwhelmed and struggling with debt. My credit score was between 575 and 625, which made me really depressed and I felt pretty worthless. I've been working on it and I finally qualified for a personal loan for the remainder of the debt. <br><br>I knew my score would improve, but didn't think it would be quite this much! It was SUCH an amazing feeling/surprise to see those little numbers pop up on the computer screen. <br><br>In addition, I was finally able to pay the back registration formy truck and can drive it again! It's so wonderful to finally feel like I'm in control again!","
A first-year college student was anxious and stressed about finals, often studying until 2 AM. Although they expected the exams to be challenging, they were surprised by the level of stress leading up to them. With the help of their support system, the student was able to push through and is now relieved to be finished and ready to enjoy the holidays.","From struggling with debt and a low credit score, the author has worked hard to improve their financial situation. They were pleasantly surprised to find out that their credit score had dramatically increased to over 800. With their improved credit, they were able to qualify for a personal loan to pay off their remaining debt and even pay the back registration for their truck.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,3.0,2.0
124,"(184, 212)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm a first year college student and I was so anxious about finals and stressed out over studying. There were nights I was staying up until 2 AM studying for my tests and reading things. I had no idea what to expect for finals week except what I had seen online and how my friends who are upperclassmen described it. <br><br>Finals were simultaneously what I was and wasn't expecting. I knew they would be challenging given how my midterms were, but I wasn't expecting the whole ordeal to be so stressful, especially the week prior to finals. There were times I considered giving up and dropping out I was so stressed out! <br><br>But thanks to the awesome support team that I have on campus and at home, I was able to push through it all and now I'm finally done! It feels so good to be able to relax and enjoy the holidays with my family! I can't wait to catch up with my old friends!","I'm somewhere on the spectrum of being a hoarder. I have severe hyperempathy for inanimate objects, including clothes, stuffed animals, toys, books, and a lot more. It's close to impossible for me to throw these things away or even donate them. I also have depression and I'm physically disabled, so cleaning is very hard on me and I have very little motivation. <br><br>I buy things that I don't need and then throw them on one of the piles in my room and forget about them. I hoard yarn, I have so much that I've never used. My room was a death trap. The worst part was a very old extension cord/power strip buried in yarn and general trash. I couldn't see the floor in almost the entire room. I had to wipe my feet off to get in bed because just walking through my room got so much dirt on them. It smelled really bad and there was trash everywhere. It was such a fire hazard. Not even getting into the bugs. <br><br>Today I finished my final exams and since my ADHD meds hadn't worn off I was really motivated, so I started cleaning my room. I can actually see the floor!! I've found so many things and I feel so much safer because I got all the stuff cleared out from around that power strip. <br><br>I still have a long way to go, I'm taking a break right now, but I'm so proud of myself. I've filled up three big trash bags and I'm working on a fourth, and I have another bag full of clothes to donate. I'm probably going to crash pretty bad later, but I have tomorrow off work too so it'll be okay. I've been needing to do this for a really long time. It's not going to be perfect but it's a lot safer and I feel a lot better and that's what matters.","
A first-year college student was anxious and stressed about finals, often studying until 2 AM. Although they expected the exams to be challenging, they were surprised by the level of stress leading up to them. With the help of their support system, the student was able to push through and is now relieved to be finished and ready to enjoy the holidays.","The author admits to being a hoarder and having severe hyperempathy for inanimate objects. Cleaning is difficult due to depression and physical disability. After finishing final exams and feeling motivated, the author began cleaning their room, making progress by filling several trash bags and donating clothes, although there is still more work to be done.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.0,3.0,1.5
125,"(186, 189)","(0.519, 0.553]","I checked my credit score and it was over 800! Just a few months ago I was overwhelmed and struggling with debt. My credit score was between 575 and 625, which made me really depressed and I felt pretty worthless. I've been working on it and I finally qualified for a personal loan for the remainder of the debt. <br><br>I knew my score would improve, but didn't think it would be quite this much! It was SUCH an amazing feeling/surprise to see those little numbers pop up on the computer screen. <br><br>In addition, I was finally able to pay the back registration formy truck and can drive it again! It's so wonderful to finally feel like I'm in control again!","This morning, I found out I am going to my first public school, which is within a biking distance from my house. After finding this out, I discover that tomorrow, I must awaken in the morning 1 hour earlier than usual as to prepare for my day because I am getting contacts tomorrow, and my glasses come in next week. I will finally be able to see! <br><br>After that whole thing, I felt amazing and decided to get stuff done, and I believe I was quite productive. After that, I rode my bicycle and got to pet 10 dogs They were all very happy to sniff me and lick me, and I was very happy to scratch behind their ears and give them my complete attention. <br><br>After petting the 6th fur angel, I found a really cool looking tree that looked like an umbrella, but completely natural, dome shape and all. I sat under said tree and became very happy. <br><br>On my way home, I did not have issues riding up the extremely steep hill which I normally ride down, and made it home, where I cooked some rice, did more school work, and was snuggled by my dog. <br><br>All in all, I hope tomorrow is just as great, because I am now in a positive mood and do not ever want the happiness to end!","From struggling with debt and a low credit score, the author has worked hard to improve their financial situation. They were pleasantly surprised to find out that their credit score had dramatically increased to over 800. With their improved credit, they were able to qualify for a personal loan to pay off their remaining debt and even pay the back registration for their truck.","
The narrator found out they're going to a new public school close by, and they're getting contacts tomorrow. They felt amazing and were productive before petting 10 dogs and finding a cool looking tree. They made it home, did some school work, and snuggled with their dog, hoping for another great day tomorrow.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.5
126,"(186, 196)","(0.553, 0.755]","I checked my credit score and it was over 800! Just a few months ago I was overwhelmed and struggling with debt. My credit score was between 575 and 625, which made me really depressed and I felt pretty worthless. I've been working on it and I finally qualified for a personal loan for the remainder of the debt. <br><br>I knew my score would improve, but didn't think it would be quite this much! It was SUCH an amazing feeling/surprise to see those little numbers pop up on the computer screen. <br><br>In addition, I was finally able to pay the back registration formy truck and can drive it again! It's so wonderful to finally feel like I'm in control again!","This week started off as incredibly difficult, and I suffered one of the most severe panic attacks I've experienced in several months. However I was shown some exceptional kindness earlier this week, and that motivated me to do something positive. <br><br>So, I've been needing a place to store my laptop and keyboard that also doubles as something I can work at. I turned a 6 feet piece of wood in to a shelf/desk combo complete with notches for cable management. <br><br>It's not great, but I'm happy to have done something productive and positive. Hopefully working on music will go more smoothly if I feel like I'm actually at a work station and not just lying sprawled on my bed.","From struggling with debt and a low credit score, the author has worked hard to improve their financial situation. They were pleasantly surprised to find out that their credit score had dramatically increased to over 800. With their improved credit, they were able to qualify for a personal loan to pay off their remaining debt and even pay the back registration for their truck.","
The author had a tough week and experienced a severe panic attack, but received exceptional kindness which motivated them to do something positive. They turned a 6 feet piece of wood into a shelf/desk combo with notches for cable management to store their laptop and keyboard. Although it's not perfect, the author is happy to have done something productive and hopes it will improve their music-making process.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.5,3.0
127,"(186, 205)","(0.48, 0.498]","I checked my credit score and it was over 800! Just a few months ago I was overwhelmed and struggling with debt. My credit score was between 575 and 625, which made me really depressed and I felt pretty worthless. I've been working on it and I finally qualified for a personal loan for the remainder of the debt. <br><br>I knew my score would improve, but didn't think it would be quite this much! It was SUCH an amazing feeling/surprise to see those little numbers pop up on the computer screen. <br><br>In addition, I was finally able to pay the back registration formy truck and can drive it again! It's so wonderful to finally feel like I'm in control again!","Last week I broke 2 of my bras and only had my backup one left. Even though it was unplanned I was able to afford 2 new bras. <br><br>I also broke a pair of shoes last week, the insole came out and wouldn't go in again. It was a bad week for my clothing. <br><br>I was able to buy insoles and good ones, not just the dollar store ones. <br><br>I am so excited to be wearing clothes that fit properly and shoes that don't hurt my feet.","From struggling with debt and a low credit score, the author has worked hard to improve their financial situation. They were pleasantly surprised to find out that their credit score had dramatically increased to over 800. With their improved credit, they were able to qualify for a personal loan to pay off their remaining debt and even pay the back registration for their truck.","
The person had a bad week for their clothing, as they broke two bras and a pair of shoes. However, they were able to afford two new bras and good quality insoles for their shoes. They are now happy to be wearing clothes that fit properly and shoes that don't hurt their feet.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,2.0,1.0
128,"(187, 193)","(0.553, 0.755]","Five years ago today I was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at age 28. It was completely unexpected, I have no family history of it, my pancreas just quit on me and suddenly I was dependent on insulin. <br><br>I went to the hospital after days of extreme fatigue and vomiting. The doctors told me I was experiencing Diabetic Ketoacidosis, and that based on my numbers, it was a miracle I was still conscious. They told me if I hadn't come to the emergency room when I did, I would have been dead within days. <br><br>It's been a lot of work to keep myself alive but I'm very grateful to still be here!","I just finished a book! It was short, but I actually enjoyed it! Whenever I had to read a book in school, any book, I hated it. I kept losing track of where we were in class readings. I never actually wanted to participate. <br><br>Today, it felt like the opposite of all that stuff! My reading comprehension can still be all over the place sometimes (I have ADHD), but it wasn't hard to focus. <br><br>Also, it feels less isolating to read a book by yourself. Simply spending time to read with anyone can make you feel more connected and less isolated!","
A 28-year-old was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes five years ago with no family history. They went to the hospital after experiencing extreme fatigue and vomiting where they were told they were experiencing Diabetic Ketoacidosis and were lucky to still be conscious. Despite the challenges, they are grateful to still be alive.","
The author finished a short book and enjoyed it, which was a contrast to their experience of reading books in school. Their ADHD can make reading comprehension difficult, but they were able to focus. Reading alone can still create a sense of connection and combat feelings of isolation.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
129,"(19, 215)","(0.553, 0.755]","I experienced my first train ride with my daughter approximately three months ago. We rode from Tennessee to Utah to visit my sister and her husband. Our adventure started in Nashville as a bus trip, and when we arrived in Indiana, we transferred ourselves and our luggage on a train. <br><br>The bus trip was a little cramped, but amusing. A male passenger across from me kept cursing during his phone conversation. The bus driver had no qualms with correcting the young man's outbursts. Later during the drive, the bus driver attempted her best to not doze off. During the last leg of the trip she swerved a few times. To keep herself awake, she started to hum. The bus driver hummed louder and louder as we progressed closer and closer to the bus/train station. I was amused to the point of giggling. My daughter was not. <br><br>My daughter didn't get much sleep the night before our trip, and she had hoped she would make up for it during our bus ride. When my daughter and I ended our bus trip and arrived in Indiana, we experienced a dull four hour layover. Maybe it was dull because it was the wee-hours of the morning. But she and I amused ourselves by cracking jokes and making silly comments. <br><br>After the long four hours, we finally boarded the train and had begun our cozy and adventurous ride to Utah. Our first stop was in Chicago. My daughter and I had to transfer ourselves and our luggage to another train. The customer service gentleman who assisted us with the transfer was kind, comedic and inquisitive. He and I exchanged jests and sarcasms after he made an inquiry concerning our reasons for going to Utah. The customer service gentleman also joked about the size of my daughter's luggage. He stated that he was sure that he would be able to fit inside of the suitcase and tag along with us. My daughter and I were refreshed by the comical exchange with the customer service gentleman. <br><br>After transferring our luggage, my daughter and I discovered the food court in the train station ate a delicious meal, and then made our way to the Chicago train station waiting area to begin the last half of our adventure.","This morning I went for a run. In the beginning I had to pass several streets. When I approached one of them, a bus driver did not see me and drove past right in front of me. <br><br>This was in my view completely fine, as I usually just find my way across the street without anybody having to stop. But this bus driver stopped the bus right after he passed me, pulled down the window and apologized for not letting me run by first. <br><br>It was a very short encounter, but his considerateness and kindness made my day.","The author and their daughter took a train from Tennessee to Utah to visit relatives. They experienced a cramped and amusing bus ride before boarding the train. During a layover in Indiana, they joked and made silly comments to pass the time. They also had a comical exchange with a customer service gentleman in Chicago before continuing their adventure.","
The author went for a run and a bus driver almost hit them while crossing the street. However, the bus driver stopped and apologized for not letting the author run first. The author was touched by the bus driver's kindness and it made their day.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,1.5,1.5
130,"(19, 43)","(0.553, 0.755]","I experienced my first train ride with my daughter approximately three months ago. We rode from Tennessee to Utah to visit my sister and her husband. Our adventure started in Nashville as a bus trip, and when we arrived in Indiana, we transferred ourselves and our luggage on a train. <br><br>The bus trip was a little cramped, but amusing. A male passenger across from me kept cursing during his phone conversation. The bus driver had no qualms with correcting the young man's outbursts. Later during the drive, the bus driver attempted her best to not doze off. During the last leg of the trip she swerved a few times. To keep herself awake, she started to hum. The bus driver hummed louder and louder as we progressed closer and closer to the bus/train station. I was amused to the point of giggling. My daughter was not. <br><br>My daughter didn't get much sleep the night before our trip, and she had hoped she would make up for it during our bus ride. When my daughter and I ended our bus trip and arrived in Indiana, we experienced a dull four hour layover. Maybe it was dull because it was the wee-hours of the morning. But she and I amused ourselves by cracking jokes and making silly comments. <br><br>After the long four hours, we finally boarded the train and had begun our cozy and adventurous ride to Utah. Our first stop was in Chicago. My daughter and I had to transfer ourselves and our luggage to another train. The customer service gentleman who assisted us with the transfer was kind, comedic and inquisitive. He and I exchanged jests and sarcasms after he made an inquiry concerning our reasons for going to Utah. The customer service gentleman also joked about the size of my daughter's luggage. He stated that he was sure that he would be able to fit inside of the suitcase and tag along with us. My daughter and I were refreshed by the comical exchange with the customer service gentleman. <br><br>After transferring our luggage, my daughter and I discovered the food court in the train station ate a delicious meal, and then made our way to the Chicago train station waiting area to begin the last half of our adventure.","Over the Memorial Day holiday in the United States, my family of 12 and I went on a family vacation. We rented a huge log cabin in the mountains that included pin ball machines, old school video games, a pool table, swimming pool, hot tub, and large enough areas that all of us could sit around and talk. <br><br>This vacation was especially memorable because my parents who are in their 70's, were able to spend time with all 5 of their grandchildren, son-in-law, nephew, married in relatives, and myself, their oldest daughter. We spent a lot of time laughing and cooking together. We would sit out on the balcony and look at the breathtaking views. We were very high up on the mountain and the drive up was pretty scary at times, LOL, yet that provided us with a lot of pictures and memories that will last forever. <br><br>There were a few times that we went into the city to shop, go out to eat, and explore what the Smokey Mountains had to offer. One evening we went to a new area where there is a huge farris wheel. While I personally would not go on it, several of my family members did, and when they were at the top they took awesome pictures. My nephew said, holy crap, that thing is tall. The way he said it was so funny. He is a little guy so seeing him look at the farris wheel and understand the height of it was cool. <br><br>Every morning my husband and son-in-law would go fishing. One day they brought back Trout. After they cleaned the fish my son-in-law put it on the grill and cooked it for anyone who wanted some. The first batch of fish was excellent and everyone ate it. By this time everyone was full. He still had one more fish that he had to cook. As I was eating this fish I noticed that it didn't entirely look done. I picked at it a few more times. <br><br>That evening we all sat around the cabin talking and playing games. We had our telescope there so we were able to look at the stars at night and find the constellations. <br><br>After everyone went to bed, I woke up around midnight thinking I was dying. Nope, FOOD POISONING!!! While it was not funny at the time because I was literally thinking that I was dying, I look back now and laugh because everyone talks about me getting food poisoning and the shape that I was in. Lucky for them, I took one for the team.","The author and their daughter took a train from Tennessee to Utah to visit relatives. They experienced a cramped and amusing bus ride before boarding the train. During a layover in Indiana, they joked and made silly comments to pass the time. They also had a comical exchange with a customer service gentleman in Chicago before continuing their adventure.","The writer went on a family vacation with 12 people to a log cabin in the mountains that had various amenities. Everyone had a great time spending time together, laughing, and cooking. They also went into the city to explore and went fishing, but the writer got food poisoning after eating some undercooked fish that was grilled.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
131,"(19, 98)","(0.553, 0.755]","I experienced my first train ride with my daughter approximately three months ago. We rode from Tennessee to Utah to visit my sister and her husband. Our adventure started in Nashville as a bus trip, and when we arrived in Indiana, we transferred ourselves and our luggage on a train. <br><br>The bus trip was a little cramped, but amusing. A male passenger across from me kept cursing during his phone conversation. The bus driver had no qualms with correcting the young man's outbursts. Later during the drive, the bus driver attempted her best to not doze off. During the last leg of the trip she swerved a few times. To keep herself awake, she started to hum. The bus driver hummed louder and louder as we progressed closer and closer to the bus/train station. I was amused to the point of giggling. My daughter was not. <br><br>My daughter didn't get much sleep the night before our trip, and she had hoped she would make up for it during our bus ride. When my daughter and I ended our bus trip and arrived in Indiana, we experienced a dull four hour layover. Maybe it was dull because it was the wee-hours of the morning. But she and I amused ourselves by cracking jokes and making silly comments. <br><br>After the long four hours, we finally boarded the train and had begun our cozy and adventurous ride to Utah. Our first stop was in Chicago. My daughter and I had to transfer ourselves and our luggage to another train. The customer service gentleman who assisted us with the transfer was kind, comedic and inquisitive. He and I exchanged jests and sarcasms after he made an inquiry concerning our reasons for going to Utah. The customer service gentleman also joked about the size of my daughter's luggage. He stated that he was sure that he would be able to fit inside of the suitcase and tag along with us. My daughter and I were refreshed by the comical exchange with the customer service gentleman. <br><br>After transferring our luggage, my daughter and I discovered the food court in the train station ate a delicious meal, and then made our way to the Chicago train station waiting area to begin the last half of our adventure.","Two months ago my partner and I went on vacation to Las Vegas, Nevada. The beginning was rough as we had two to three hours delay with our flight. I was supposed to arrive at 8:00 pm local time but ended up reaching there around 10:30 pm. We had problems with our transportation to our hotel. There was a misunderstanding with driver, took us to the wrong hotel. Finally, at 11:15 pm we reached our hotel. <br><br>We were tired so could do nothing except going to bed. However, next morning we were amazed by the layout of casinos in the hotel; there were hundreds. After having breakfast, we set out to observe the sin city. There were people everywhere. We were thrilled to see amazing structures such the water show at one of the hotels. <br><br>We walked all day observing hotels and casinos and trying out various drinks. The night time was even more amazing with music and songs being played. There was a memorable volcanic eruption show at a hotel next to ours. <br><br>The next day we took a tour bus and traveled to various parts of the city. It was very exhilarating. We had a great time in Las Vegas and going cherish it for a long time.","The author and their daughter took a train from Tennessee to Utah to visit relatives. They experienced a cramped and amusing bus ride before boarding the train. During a layover in Indiana, they joked and made silly comments to pass the time. They also had a comical exchange with a customer service gentleman in Chicago before continuing their adventure.","The author and their partner experienced a rough start to their Las Vegas vacation due to flight delays and transportation issues. However, they were amazed by the layout of casinos and structures such as the water show and volcanic eruption show. They spent their days observing the city and trying out various drinks, and took a tour bus to see different parts of the city before leaving with fond memories.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.0
132,"(190, 196)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Outside of a job/income, I've got everything I could want. A little apartment with the love of my life with flowers on the windowsill, and plans to tidy up and furnish the place. None of the things that I dreaded from my old homes have followed me here. Everything's pleasant and peaceful, I can trust that the person I want to make happy in life also wants me to be happy, we do things together to make ourselves a nice home. <br><br>There's no bitterness or spite or taking bad moods out to anyone, he's just as interested as I am about making a nice home we'll both enjoy. It's become a habit for both of us to just go express affection as a sign of being in a good mood, for something completely unrelated. The apartment is small so I can stop to kiss him on my way to the fridge and back, we can kiss while hanging up laundry, and hold hands while running boring errands and getting groceries. I can make him laugh. <br><br>Today he laid down on the bed for a while to get a break from sitting while gaming. So I went to kiss him, and as I got up, I took off his left sock and took it with me. He was so baffled that I'd do something like that for literally no reason that he started laughing, and his laughter is sunshine. <br><br>Today we're taking my old, broken table to recycling, it was replaced by the nice, prettier, sturdy table his parents bought for us. The apartment we share together is still a chaotic mess, but it is the mess that I want to be in. Life is nice.","This week started off as incredibly difficult, and I suffered one of the most severe panic attacks I've experienced in several months. However I was shown some exceptional kindness earlier this week, and that motivated me to do something positive. <br><br>So, I've been needing a place to store my laptop and keyboard that also doubles as something I can work at. I turned a 6 feet piece of wood in to a shelf/desk combo complete with notches for cable management. <br><br>It's not great, but I'm happy to have done something productive and positive. Hopefully working on music will go more smoothly if I feel like I'm actually at a work station and not just lying sprawled on my bed.","The story is about a person who is happy with their life despite not having a job. They live with their partner in a small apartment and enjoy making it a comfortable home. They share affection and happiness with their partner, and even do silly things like taking off their partner's sock for no reason. They are content with their messy but happy life.","
The author had a tough week and experienced a severe panic attack, but received exceptional kindness which motivated them to do something positive. They turned a 6 feet piece of wood into a shelf/desk combo with notches for cable management to store their laptop and keyboard. Although it's not perfect, the author is happy to have done something productive and hopes it will improve their music-making process.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,1.0,1.5,2.0
133,"(190, 280)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Outside of a job/income, I've got everything I could want. A little apartment with the love of my life with flowers on the windowsill, and plans to tidy up and furnish the place. None of the things that I dreaded from my old homes have followed me here. Everything's pleasant and peaceful, I can trust that the person I want to make happy in life also wants me to be happy, we do things together to make ourselves a nice home. <br><br>There's no bitterness or spite or taking bad moods out to anyone, he's just as interested as I am about making a nice home we'll both enjoy. It's become a habit for both of us to just go express affection as a sign of being in a good mood, for something completely unrelated. The apartment is small so I can stop to kiss him on my way to the fridge and back, we can kiss while hanging up laundry, and hold hands while running boring errands and getting groceries. I can make him laugh. <br><br>Today he laid down on the bed for a while to get a break from sitting while gaming. So I went to kiss him, and as I got up, I took off his left sock and took it with me. He was so baffled that I'd do something like that for literally no reason that he started laughing, and his laughter is sunshine. <br><br>Today we're taking my old, broken table to recycling, it was replaced by the nice, prettier, sturdy table his parents bought for us. The apartment we share together is still a chaotic mess, but it is the mess that I want to be in. Life is nice.","I'm from Little Rock, Arkansas, born and raised. Little Rock in the 90s was on the top five crime lists and murder rate lists in the country. It was a bad time for that city. I never felt like I belonged there. I just felt like this isn't right. <br><br>I decided to change my life. And I didn't really know all the ways how yet, but I knew not being in Little Rock needed to be a part of it. Little Rock is too small , but I was nervous that I might not be ready to go to New York, or LA. So a mid size city. Looking for a low crime rate, and trend in technology upward. And Seattle was that place. <br><br>I do think that one of the most powerful things in the world is understanding what you want, and just trying to figure out how to focus on that. Just today, not forever, not in ten years, because you'll be different in five years. You just are how you are now. And knowing what you want right now is the thing that should drive what you're doing. <br><br>I've been able to do that, and I've been very successful and it's not because I'm special. It's just because I focused on what I wanted.","The story is about a person who is happy with their life despite not having a job. They live with their partner in a small apartment and enjoy making it a comfortable home. They share affection and happiness with their partner, and even do silly things like taking off their partner's sock for no reason. They are content with their messy but happy life.","
The narrator grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas, a city with high crime and murder rates. Feeling like they didn't belong there, they decided to change their life and move to a mid-sized city with low crime and a trend in technology upward. They believe that understanding what you want and focusing on it is the key to success.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
134,"(191, 209)","(0.391, 0.403]","I ruptured my ACL and had to have surgery. The initial injury and surgery recovery has been so draining. I'm still sore and my leg is weak, but I'm in the least amount of pain that I have been in two weeks. I'm finally able to walk around the house without a brace. Things are looking up. <br><br>On top of everything, I haven't been able to take my dog on walks or play fetch like we used to. Loved ones have been coming over to help, but all I've been able to do lately is offer cuddles, which is great, but seeing how happy she was today when I was finally able to play with her on the couch was everything.","I suffer from major depressive disorder (and about half a dozen other DSM-V diagnoses) and I hesitated for years to get another pet because I was worried I couldn't provide the kind of care and attention they need and deserve. <br><br>Then the pandemic came. With the freedom of being fortunate enough to work from home, I felt like I had a choice to either use my newfound free time to accelerate my self-destruction through isolation and substance abuse (which I absolutely did for the first few months of quarantine) or find a way to actually improve my life -- and that's what I've done my best to work toward for the last year. <br><br>I moved out of my parents' house at an embarrassingly late age and bought one of my own, something I'm incredibly proud of and was very lucky to have been able to do. I got back into therapy and decided to try some new medications with as much patience as I could muster. I started taking a bit better care of myself physically and spending more time around people, especially my handful of good friends. <br><br>Feeling better about myself than I have in a while, I finally ran out of excuses not to go through with the adoption and went to the local humane society. I met a dozen or so dogs but there was only one I felt an immediate connection to and I took her home that day. <br><br>She was nervous at first in her new environment and didn't even want to join me on the couch but, after a couple days of realizing I wouldn't ever leave her, she was already sleeping on my lap. She follows me everywhere and loves to play and cuddle. She had a play date with a friend's dog yesterday and she had so much fun that she's still exhausted. Plus she gets me moving which I desperately needed! <br><br>As a depressed person who also feels like he can give a rescue a happy life, I'm confident it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. I am genuinely happy for the first time in at least a decade when I'm around her and worry constantly when I occasionally can't be. <br><br>I can't wait to travel again now that this viral nightmare has finally began to wind down and I'm so looking forward to taking her with me.","
The narrator suffered an ACL injury and underwent surgery, which has been a draining experience. However, they are now in less pain and can walk around the house without a brace. They have also been unable to play with their dog due to the injury, but were finally able to do so on the couch and it made them very happy.","The author, who suffers from major depressive disorder, was hesitant to get a pet due to concerns about providing proper care. However, during the pandemic, they decided to make positive changes in their life, including moving out of their parents' house, getting back into therapy, and adopting a dog. The dog has brought them happiness and companionship, and they look forward to traveling with her in the future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.0,1.0
135,"(193, 200)","(0.553, 0.755]","I just finished a book! It was short, but I actually enjoyed it! Whenever I had to read a book in school, any book, I hated it. I kept losing track of where we were in class readings. I never actually wanted to participate. <br><br>Today, it felt like the opposite of all that stuff! My reading comprehension can still be all over the place sometimes (I have ADHD), but it wasn't hard to focus. <br><br>Also, it feels less isolating to read a book by yourself. Simply spending time to read with anyone can make you feel more connected and less isolated!","I made it through the Christmas semester in my first year of university despite getting tonsillitis 3 times in a row, breaking my foot, having 8 doctor's appointments, 2 hospital referrals, and being diagnosed with CFS. <br><br>The rest of my family is really academic (both parents and older siblings went to cambridge for university) and don't have health problems in the way I do. <br><br>Growing up I always saw people go away to university and thrive, and I was very worried that I would sink completely rather than swimming but I made it!","
The author finished a short book and enjoyed it, which was a contrast to their experience of reading books in school. Their ADHD can make reading comprehension difficult, but they were able to focus. Reading alone can still create a sense of connection and combat feelings of isolation.","
Despite facing multiple health issues, including tonsillitis, a broken foot, and chronic fatigue syndrome, the author successfully completed their first semester of university during Christmas. While their family has a strong academic history, the author was concerned that their health issues would impede their success at university. However, they were able to overcome their challenges and succeed.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
136,"(194, 198)","(0.519, 0.553]","I socialized with one of the most extroverted, sociable, boisterous guys in our school and I am the opposite of him. I'm reserved, inquisitive, and hot-headed. I was astonished how he is an introspective guy which I did not expect. He has helped me with a lot of things in just one and also helped me in promoting my channel. <br><br>We have the same taste in terms of memes and he even helped me with interacting with his friends who were pretty cool and sweet. All this was completely unexpected for me as I never saw it coming and I was determined that I would go out of comfort zone socially and I succeeded and I'm very proud of it.","Been crushing on a coworker for a while now. She's new, very down to earth and we share some common interests (horror movies, music, weed, sarcasm). We both got each other 420 gifts and she agreed to hang out and partake in our gifts either Thursday or Friday this week. <br><br>She's a really cool young lady and I'm so excited to use this time to get to know her more. My boyfriend has been encouraging me to find a girlfriend for a while (we've been poly in the past and he's really supportive of it) but I didn't really find the right person until now. <br><br>Even if we just end up as friends I'm happy and excited that this is moving forward. She's a person I really want to have in my life and I can't wait to have some one on one time to discover more about her.","
The writer socialized with a very outgoing person who was their opposite. They were surprised to find out that he was introspective and he helped them with various things including promoting their channel. They bonded over their shared love for memes and the experience made the writer step out of their social comfort zone.","The author has a crush on their new coworker who shares common interests, including weed, and they exchanged 420 gifts. The author's boyfriend supports their polyamorous lifestyle and encourages them to find a girlfriend, and the author is excited to get to know their crush better, even if it only leads to a friendship. They are happy and looking forward to spending one-on-one time with their crush.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.0,2.0,1.5
137,"(195, 216)","(0.498, 0.519]","I was sitting on my back porch this morning and I realized that despite lock downs and quarantine, I have had a pretty great summer. I was productive by taking a summer course (I did well and loved the material and professor), working a job, and coordinating my club activities by video-calling people throughout the summer. <br><br>I grew some vegetable plants to eat and some plants to sell, I picked up some new skills like learning Morse code and hobbies like chess, and I've been dedicated to working on my mental health through talk therapy and mindfulness meditation. <br><br>Since it's the end of summer, I can look back now at all my hard work and all the fun I had despite not spending a lot of it with people and I can say that my confidence has increased and my anxiety overall has decreased. <br><br>I'm looking forward to things getting better in the future and interacting with others with a new sense of self! I couldn't be happier!","I work in the event industry and covid did its number on usbut restrictions are finally loosened enough for us to do our job the way we used to. Half my body hurts, I'm definitely not getting enough sleep and won't have a day off that I can actually spend on my couch for the next 2 weeks. <br><br>This sounds bad, but it's exactly what I need right now. Having fun work days with my colleagues, who are equally as crazy as I am, doing a job I enjoy and feeling my sore muscles when I'm back home. My mental health has gotten so much better in the past two weeks. <br><br>Before that I was touring with a couple of folks who made me feel unwelcome and I constantly felt like no matter what I was doing, it wasn't enough. I did overestimate my skill and took over responsibilities I wasn't ready for, so their frustration is understandable, but it still took its toll on my mental health. Hard work isn't nearly as much fun if it's not appreciated. <br><br>Luckily I'm back and everything's gotten better. I randomly smile. I want to remember the day when I go to bed instead of hoping I'd forget it soon. I look forward to tomorrow instead of dreading it and I actually feel happy. This hasn't happened in a long time.","Despite the lockdown and quarantine, the author had a great summer. They took a summer course, worked a job, coordinated club activities, grew plants, learned new skills and hobbies, and worked on their mental health. They feel confident and happy, and are looking forward to interacting with others in the future.","After a tough time in the event industry due to Covid, restrictions have now loosened enough for the narrator to work the way they used to. Despite the hard work and lack of rest, the narrator is happy to be back doing a job they enjoy with colleagues they like. Their mental health has improved greatly, as compared to when they were touring with people who made them feel unwelcome and underappreciated.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,2.5,3.5
138,"(196, 217)","(0.519, 0.553]","This week started off as incredibly difficult, and I suffered one of the most severe panic attacks I've experienced in several months. However I was shown some exceptional kindness earlier this week, and that motivated me to do something positive. <br><br>So, I've been needing a place to store my laptop and keyboard that also doubles as something I can work at. I turned a 6 feet piece of wood in to a shelf/desk combo complete with notches for cable management. <br><br>It's not great, but I'm happy to have done something productive and positive. Hopefully working on music will go more smoothly if I feel like I'm actually at a work station and not just lying sprawled on my bed.","My brother studies IT and he got an assigment to make a game. He's been working on it for some time now and every time he does something new or has an issue, he calls me into his room and tells me what he did. I have no clue what he's doing and don't understand much but I sit and listen. <br><br>There's this method that programmers use when they can't find where the mistake in their code is. They take a rubber duck and go through their code by explaining to it what they did so they find the issue. I'm always joking I'm my brother's rubber duck since I don't do much more than listen. <br><br>Today he finished his game and asked me to try it out. It was really cool but I saw something odd and asked him why it is that way. He realised he made a mistake and fixed it real quick. <br><br>Finally, I am more useful than a rubber duck!","
The author had a tough week and experienced a severe panic attack, but received exceptional kindness which motivated them to do something positive. They turned a 6 feet piece of wood into a shelf/desk combo with notches for cable management to store their laptop and keyboard. Although it's not perfect, the author is happy to have done something productive and hopes it will improve their music-making process.","The author's brother is creating a game for an IT assignment and often talks to the author about his progress. The author jokes that they are their brother's ""rubber duck"" because they don't understand much about programming. However, when the author plays the finished game and points out a mistake, the brother quickly fixes it, showing that the author is more useful than a rubber duck.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.0,1.0,1.0
139,"(198, 211)","(0.553, 0.755]","Been crushing on a coworker for a while now. She's new, very down to earth and we share some common interests (horror movies, music, weed, sarcasm). We both got each other 420 gifts and she agreed to hang out and partake in our gifts either Thursday or Friday this week. <br><br>She's a really cool young lady and I'm so excited to use this time to get to know her more. My boyfriend has been encouraging me to find a girlfriend for a while (we've been poly in the past and he's really supportive of it) but I didn't really find the right person until now. <br><br>Even if we just end up as friends I'm happy and excited that this is moving forward. She's a person I really want to have in my life and I can't wait to have some one on one time to discover more about her.","I am both debilitatingly excited and nervous right now. I have been quite lonely for what feels like most of my entire life, but I was lucky enough to meet this guy in one of my classes a couple of weeks or so ago who is very nice and actually seems to have some sort of interest in me. We've especially been talking more this week, and I was so happy because he asked for my number a couple days ago. <br><br>Today when we were talking towards the end of class, though, I had mentioned that a couple things I really like are photography and hiking. One thing he asked was about which trail was my favorite, and when I told him, he said he really liked that one too because it was pretty close and he enjoyed going mountain biking there. Eventually, he said that he would love to take me there this weekend, because I had mentioned that I didn't really have any plans. I said that sounded like it would be super fun and that I'd be happy to go with him, and by the end of our chat, he said he would call me later so we could work out our plans. <br><br>Fast forward to when I was at home, and I was so nervous once again for when he would call me because it's actually our first time talking on the phone and doing something outside of school. When he did call, my heart was practically pounding, but I was able to answer it on time. He's picking me up at 11 in the morning tomorrow, and I think I'm more excited than I've ever been. <br><br>I wasn't so sure what to make of it, but he actually called it ""our date"" while we were on the phone, so I cannot get that out of my head now. I already have some nice memories from that specific trail we're going on, and it now means even more to me than ever that I'm actually going on my first date ever there. <br><br>I never would've expected something like this to happen in my life even a month or so ago (especially because I didn't even know him very well at all then), and I thought I would just get through high school being almost completely alone and maybe meet someone special in my adult life if I'm lucky, but I guess things really can get better!","The author has a crush on their new coworker who shares common interests, including weed, and they exchanged 420 gifts. The author's boyfriend supports their polyamorous lifestyle and encourages them to find a girlfriend, and the author is excited to get to know their crush better, even if it only leads to a friendship. They are happy and looking forward to spending one-on-one time with their crush.","The writer is excited and nervous because a guy from her class has asked her out on a date to go hiking. They have been talking more and he called it ""our date"" on the phone. The writer is surprised and happy that something like this is happening in her life and feels like things can get better.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,4.0,4.0
140,"(2, 137)","(0.553, 0.755]","After having a pretty rough night where I constantly felt like I was on the verge of passing out, I went to bed and got around two hours of sleep. When I woke up, I felt completely sobered up, but the life circumstances that made me drink so much in the first place kept me awake for the next hour and a half, thinking and thinking. It's so hard to get away from your thoughts sometimes. <br><br>Even though I really felt like I should sleep, I just couldn't, so I ended up getting out of bed, taking a cold shower, and heading on campus at six in the morning. Watching the sun rise on a new day as I made my way toward campus, I felt incredibly at peace despite the chaos that is my life right now. That feeling made me want to cry. <br><br>I wish I could get up everyday early in the morning, feeling motivated to overcome anything that happens to me, but instead there are always days where I stay in bed until my roommate comes back from class, days where I sit in front of my computer with something to do but unable to bring myself to do it, days where I think giving up would be so much easier than fighting. I can't help but notice that most of my days are like that. <br><br>But today is different. Today will be a good day, and I can't say the same for tomorrow or tomorrow's tomorrow or days, weeks, months, and years after that, but knowing that another day will come along where I wake up feeling like things are getting better makes me hope. It makes me hope that someday the balance will change, that I will be happy more often than I am sad, that my thoughts will let me go and let me live, that every difficult experience I have is moving me forward, not holding me back. <br><br>I don’t know that any of this is relatable, and I can’t say that my situation is resolved after today, but I can’t help but marvel at the wonder that is hope. Having hope that things will be better and that life will go on, even when it feels impossible, has given me the strength to take this day in my hands and to make it what I want it to be. This hope will keep me walking on days when I feel like falling, and this hope tells me that no matter how hard it is today, no matter how much I hurt, no matter how unfathomable it is to continue, I will.","I am not sure whether I'm a major introvert or what but I find it so tiring hanging out and socializing with friends. One friend, I'll call Hanna, asks to sleepover almost every weekend and a lot of the time I cancel last minute because I just do not have the energy anymore to socialize. <br><br>I've had depression for a while and I've just been overwhelmed because of school. A lot of the time I'm just numb so I have to pretend that I'm engaged in conversations and people but I'm just starting not to care about pretending anymore. <br><br>I can't and don't want to keep friends anymore. I just don't want to hurt her feelings by saying something rude and I do feel guilty for cancelling our plans last minute.","Despite a difficult night and only getting two hours of sleep, the narrator wakes up feeling sober and unable to sleep due to life circumstances. They take a cold shower and head to campus, feeling at peace and hopeful for a better future. The narrator reflects on the power of hope and how it gives them the strength to face difficult days and keep moving forward.","
The author struggles with socializing and finds it exhausting to hang out with friends, often canceling plans last minute. They attribute this to potentially being an introvert and dealing with depression and numbness. They express guilt for not wanting to keep friends but not wanting to hurt their feelings.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,2.0
141,"(2, 148)","(0.553, 0.755]","After having a pretty rough night where I constantly felt like I was on the verge of passing out, I went to bed and got around two hours of sleep. When I woke up, I felt completely sobered up, but the life circumstances that made me drink so much in the first place kept me awake for the next hour and a half, thinking and thinking. It's so hard to get away from your thoughts sometimes. <br><br>Even though I really felt like I should sleep, I just couldn't, so I ended up getting out of bed, taking a cold shower, and heading on campus at six in the morning. Watching the sun rise on a new day as I made my way toward campus, I felt incredibly at peace despite the chaos that is my life right now. That feeling made me want to cry. <br><br>I wish I could get up everyday early in the morning, feeling motivated to overcome anything that happens to me, but instead there are always days where I stay in bed until my roommate comes back from class, days where I sit in front of my computer with something to do but unable to bring myself to do it, days where I think giving up would be so much easier than fighting. I can't help but notice that most of my days are like that. <br><br>But today is different. Today will be a good day, and I can't say the same for tomorrow or tomorrow's tomorrow or days, weeks, months, and years after that, but knowing that another day will come along where I wake up feeling like things are getting better makes me hope. It makes me hope that someday the balance will change, that I will be happy more often than I am sad, that my thoughts will let me go and let me live, that every difficult experience I have is moving me forward, not holding me back. <br><br>I don’t know that any of this is relatable, and I can’t say that my situation is resolved after today, but I can’t help but marvel at the wonder that is hope. Having hope that things will be better and that life will go on, even when it feels impossible, has given me the strength to take this day in my hands and to make it what I want it to be. This hope will keep me walking on days when I feel like falling, and this hope tells me that no matter how hard it is today, no matter how much I hurt, no matter how unfathomable it is to continue, I will.","I've experienced suicidal thoughts since I was around 18 and I really struggle to feel valid in mental health/depression-related spaces. I feel alone in my everyday life to begin with and don't have anywhere to find a community. <br><br>My depression/suicidal thoughts don't stem from any sort of trauma or life circumstances. I have had an overwhelmingly good life, good relationships with family, friends, got a job and moved out shortly after graduating college, making a living wage. <br><br>That's partly why it's so frustrating that my mental health is still so bad. I feel guilty for feeling suicidal when there is literally nothing wrong with my life. <br><br>There's times when I feel like I should just stop fighting it and attempt because then I'd feel validated in having thought about it for this long. Even if it wasn't successful, at least then people would take me seriously. <br><br>Right now I feel like things are bad enough for me to be completely miserable but not bad enough for anyone to care. At the same time, that feels messed up and attention-seeking. <br><br>I just want to feel like someone understands and I've never felt like anyone really gets it.","Despite a difficult night and only getting two hours of sleep, the narrator wakes up feeling sober and unable to sleep due to life circumstances. They take a cold shower and head to campus, feeling at peace and hopeful for a better future. The narrator reflects on the power of hope and how it gives them the strength to face difficult days and keep moving forward.","
The writer has been struggling with suicidal thoughts since the age of 18 and feels invalidated in mental health spaces. Despite having a good life with no trauma or negative life circumstances, the writer still feels overwhelmingly depressed and guilty for having suicidal thoughts. They feel alone and want someone to understand their struggles.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,1.5
142,"(2, 162)","(0.553, 0.755]","After having a pretty rough night where I constantly felt like I was on the verge of passing out, I went to bed and got around two hours of sleep. When I woke up, I felt completely sobered up, but the life circumstances that made me drink so much in the first place kept me awake for the next hour and a half, thinking and thinking. It's so hard to get away from your thoughts sometimes. <br><br>Even though I really felt like I should sleep, I just couldn't, so I ended up getting out of bed, taking a cold shower, and heading on campus at six in the morning. Watching the sun rise on a new day as I made my way toward campus, I felt incredibly at peace despite the chaos that is my life right now. That feeling made me want to cry. <br><br>I wish I could get up everyday early in the morning, feeling motivated to overcome anything that happens to me, but instead there are always days where I stay in bed until my roommate comes back from class, days where I sit in front of my computer with something to do but unable to bring myself to do it, days where I think giving up would be so much easier than fighting. I can't help but notice that most of my days are like that. <br><br>But today is different. Today will be a good day, and I can't say the same for tomorrow or tomorrow's tomorrow or days, weeks, months, and years after that, but knowing that another day will come along where I wake up feeling like things are getting better makes me hope. It makes me hope that someday the balance will change, that I will be happy more often than I am sad, that my thoughts will let me go and let me live, that every difficult experience I have is moving me forward, not holding me back. <br><br>I don’t know that any of this is relatable, and I can’t say that my situation is resolved after today, but I can’t help but marvel at the wonder that is hope. Having hope that things will be better and that life will go on, even when it feels impossible, has given me the strength to take this day in my hands and to make it what I want it to be. This hope will keep me walking on days when I feel like falling, and this hope tells me that no matter how hard it is today, no matter how much I hurt, no matter how unfathomable it is to continue, I will.","I am in my first year of college, and I miss my mom to a life-threatening degree. I keep getting sick and I never know how to handle it, and I have horrible health anxiety and can't ever get myself out of the colossal breakdowns I have every time I feel like something is wrong with my body. It's like every day is a living nightmare. <br><br>I love my classes, I love learning, I want to get my PhD and become a professor, but I just can't stand college and can't stand getting sick constantly and having no one around to help me deal with my emotions or to tell me I'll be okay. <br><br>I can't do it anymore. I just can't do it anymore, but Im $14k late.","Despite a difficult night and only getting two hours of sleep, the narrator wakes up feeling sober and unable to sleep due to life circumstances. They take a cold shower and head to campus, feeling at peace and hopeful for a better future. The narrator reflects on the power of hope and how it gives them the strength to face difficult days and keep moving forward.","
A college student is struggling with severe homesickness and health anxiety, causing constant breakdowns and difficulty coping with illness. Despite enjoying her classes and academic goals, she feels overwhelmed and unsupported. However, she is also facing financial difficulties, with $14k in unpaid fees adding to her stress.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,1.5
143,"(2, 193)","(0.553, 0.755]","After having a pretty rough night where I constantly felt like I was on the verge of passing out, I went to bed and got around two hours of sleep. When I woke up, I felt completely sobered up, but the life circumstances that made me drink so much in the first place kept me awake for the next hour and a half, thinking and thinking. It's so hard to get away from your thoughts sometimes. <br><br>Even though I really felt like I should sleep, I just couldn't, so I ended up getting out of bed, taking a cold shower, and heading on campus at six in the morning. Watching the sun rise on a new day as I made my way toward campus, I felt incredibly at peace despite the chaos that is my life right now. That feeling made me want to cry. <br><br>I wish I could get up everyday early in the morning, feeling motivated to overcome anything that happens to me, but instead there are always days where I stay in bed until my roommate comes back from class, days where I sit in front of my computer with something to do but unable to bring myself to do it, days where I think giving up would be so much easier than fighting. I can't help but notice that most of my days are like that. <br><br>But today is different. Today will be a good day, and I can't say the same for tomorrow or tomorrow's tomorrow or days, weeks, months, and years after that, but knowing that another day will come along where I wake up feeling like things are getting better makes me hope. It makes me hope that someday the balance will change, that I will be happy more often than I am sad, that my thoughts will let me go and let me live, that every difficult experience I have is moving me forward, not holding me back. <br><br>I don’t know that any of this is relatable, and I can’t say that my situation is resolved after today, but I can’t help but marvel at the wonder that is hope. Having hope that things will be better and that life will go on, even when it feels impossible, has given me the strength to take this day in my hands and to make it what I want it to be. This hope will keep me walking on days when I feel like falling, and this hope tells me that no matter how hard it is today, no matter how much I hurt, no matter how unfathomable it is to continue, I will.","I just finished a book! It was short, but I actually enjoyed it! Whenever I had to read a book in school, any book, I hated it. I kept losing track of where we were in class readings. I never actually wanted to participate. <br><br>Today, it felt like the opposite of all that stuff! My reading comprehension can still be all over the place sometimes (I have ADHD), but it wasn't hard to focus. <br><br>Also, it feels less isolating to read a book by yourself. Simply spending time to read with anyone can make you feel more connected and less isolated!","Despite a difficult night and only getting two hours of sleep, the narrator wakes up feeling sober and unable to sleep due to life circumstances. They take a cold shower and head to campus, feeling at peace and hopeful for a better future. The narrator reflects on the power of hope and how it gives them the strength to face difficult days and keep moving forward.","
The author finished a short book and enjoyed it, which was a contrast to their experience of reading books in school. Their ADHD can make reading comprehension difficult, but they were able to focus. Reading alone can still create a sense of connection and combat feelings of isolation.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.5,2.0
144,"(2, 95)","(0.553, 0.755]","After having a pretty rough night where I constantly felt like I was on the verge of passing out, I went to bed and got around two hours of sleep. When I woke up, I felt completely sobered up, but the life circumstances that made me drink so much in the first place kept me awake for the next hour and a half, thinking and thinking. It's so hard to get away from your thoughts sometimes. <br><br>Even though I really felt like I should sleep, I just couldn't, so I ended up getting out of bed, taking a cold shower, and heading on campus at six in the morning. Watching the sun rise on a new day as I made my way toward campus, I felt incredibly at peace despite the chaos that is my life right now. That feeling made me want to cry. <br><br>I wish I could get up everyday early in the morning, feeling motivated to overcome anything that happens to me, but instead there are always days where I stay in bed until my roommate comes back from class, days where I sit in front of my computer with something to do but unable to bring myself to do it, days where I think giving up would be so much easier than fighting. I can't help but notice that most of my days are like that. <br><br>But today is different. Today will be a good day, and I can't say the same for tomorrow or tomorrow's tomorrow or days, weeks, months, and years after that, but knowing that another day will come along where I wake up feeling like things are getting better makes me hope. It makes me hope that someday the balance will change, that I will be happy more often than I am sad, that my thoughts will let me go and let me live, that every difficult experience I have is moving me forward, not holding me back. <br><br>I don’t know that any of this is relatable, and I can’t say that my situation is resolved after today, but I can’t help but marvel at the wonder that is hope. Having hope that things will be better and that life will go on, even when it feels impossible, has given me the strength to take this day in my hands and to make it what I want it to be. This hope will keep me walking on days when I feel like falling, and this hope tells me that no matter how hard it is today, no matter how much I hurt, no matter how unfathomable it is to continue, I will.","On August 19, 2019, I went to see my new neurologist concerning my MS. I have had MS for many years but over the last 10 years or so, I moved from relapsing remitting to secondary progressive. I have been having a lot of problems with falling and stumbling and the fatigue has been horrible. To further complicate the issue I fell on April 2nd this year and tore up my knee, which exacerbated the MS. <br><br>I started back to work the first day of school, August 14th. I substitute in high needs SPED. I knew I wasn't doing well with my MS, but it came as a complete shock to me when my doctor told me I was ""running out of reserves/ basically about out of reserves"" and I need to conserve my energy NOW. <br><br>She said I should not be working, which I love my students, but she understood why I continued. Now, I am having to cut back my days at school and have accepted the fact that this year will be last year of teaching, I want to use my energy for doing the other things I love, which is travelling. I am going to Italy in September and will have to go on a rollator/wheelchair. <br><br>I am devastated, I have been bursting into tears, even at school, I am having problems coping with this new news. It's almost like when I was first diagnosed, but worse now because of my age. I have always ""pushed through"" and tried to exercise my legs. I have been told I should really STOP now to reserve whatever I have left. <br><br>I am using my walker at home now, so that is helping with my falling. However, because I used to be paralyzed from my waist down and spent years on my scooter, I do not want to have to use a scooter again. I donated both of mine. I also had hand controls in my vehicle, which I am afraid I might have to do again. I am okay with that aid. <br><br>I simply feel like I am going backwards, even though I have known for the 34 years I've had MS it is a progressive disease. Now that my husband is retired and we can do things, it is so difficult for me, though I thoroughly enjoy travelling. <br><br>This new news about my MS has been emotionally and mentally exhausting.","Despite a difficult night and only getting two hours of sleep, the narrator wakes up feeling sober and unable to sleep due to life circumstances. They take a cold shower and head to campus, feeling at peace and hopeful for a better future. The narrator reflects on the power of hope and how it gives them the strength to face difficult days and keep moving forward.","
The author visited a neurologist about their multiple sclerosis (MS) and was shocked to learn that they were running out of reserves and needed to conserve their energy. The doctor advised the author to stop working, which is devastating as they love their job teaching high needs SPED. They are now using a walker at home to prevent falling and need to use a rollator/wheelchair for their upcoming trip to Italy, which is emotionally and mentally exhausting.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.0,1.5,1.5
145,"(20, 73)","(0.519, 0.553]","I recently completed a project at work that did not go as planned. Before I started working for the company as a project coordinator, my boss had coordinated a fundraising effort to raise money for a well to be built on campus. The well was supposed to yield 3600 gallons of water every week. We had a biologist come out to see the land and confirm this amount. <br><br>I was brought on to help finish the project. I felt a little uneasy about managing a project that was going to cost the company so much money, but I was glad to know my boss was looking forward to this. I would have been more nervous if I had to make the final decisions, but basically everything had already been predetermined for me; who were we going to hire, how it was going to get done, etc. <br><br>I felt like I did a very good job keeping all the pieces moving. I didn't rush anyone, but through good communication, asking for updates, frequent reminders, and a smiling face, the project got done on time and under budget! I don't think I cut any corners. <br><br>But the well is not producing 3600 gallons every week. It's only producing 300 gallons, nearly a tenth of what we'd been told. I don't think this is my fault, but I am now trying to figure out a reasonable explanation so my boss is not surprised. It just goes to show once again that it's important to manage expectations.","Within this year I have gone back to college to get my degree in science. For years I have not gone to college because of my physical and mental health but decided to try because I have always wanted to complete college. It was hard. My skin condition made it painful to sleep let alone study and attend class. I sprained my ankle, got the flu and almost quit but I kept going despite having every excuse not to. <br><br>Then by the end of the semester I was given a ''fun'' assignment by our Psychology professor to do something that would make us feel uncomfortable and write how we overcame that. At the same time I had to give a Ted Talk style speech in my Writing and Research class so this was a great opportunity to do both. I felt uncomfortable and I even regretted it at first but I was able to complete both of my assignments and ended up getting a B+ for each of those classes while getting As for my Math and History class. <br><br>This was a roller coaster of emotions but I'm glad I did it. Now I'm stronger to continue on to my next semester which is just one week away. I was surprised at myself. I quit college 3 times the first semester before this so I was afraid I would have to pay for it all again. But it was worth it. <br><br>Now I'm a step closer to my goal and I feel that I'm not just learning the subject of each class. I'm learning how to take notes better and how to approach real life problems with the tools I've learned in Psychology.","
The narrator completed a project at work to build a well that was supposed to yield 3600 gallons of water every week. However, the well is only producing 300 gallons per week. The narrator believes it is not their fault, but they are now trying to come up with a reasonable explanation to manage their boss's expectations.","
The author went back to college to get their degree in science despite physical and mental health issues. They faced many obstacles including a skin condition, a sprained ankle, and the flu. However, they persevered and even completed a challenging assignment which helped them learn valuable skills beyond the subject matter of their classes.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.5,2.0
146,"(201, 223)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am in a long distance relationship but I am separated from my significant other by a few hours. I am a nurse at a great hospital but quite frankly, my management sucks and my doctors act like Karens. I have woken up dreading going to work for so long that it's my normal. These people have sucked the joy out of what I so passionately love to do. <br><br>I did try to wait it out to see if things would get better over time, but with no success. We've been together for less than a year but have talked about closing the gap. I've met his family and friends and vice versa. Nothing but good things from both sides. <br><br>This guy I am sure with every cell in my body that we're destined to be together. I'm gonna husband that man someday. I would be the moving party between the both of us and I'm absolutely okay with that. <br><br>I had updated my resume and sent some applications out last week, not expecting to hear anything from anyone until this week. I have an interview set for Friday morning and if all goes well, I will accept a position in my significant other's town doing what I love to do! <br><br>And that means we can finally start our lives together. And that gives me so much hope for the future.","I interned in a senator's office last year and I just felt too disconnected from everyone. It's hard to feel like you're making a difference for people serving in that capacity. So I came back to my TA who started builders of promise and I was like, government really wasn't my bit. <br><br>So she offered to have me come work with her nonprofit. I think pretty much anything you do will result in some kind of skill or a way of thinking that's gonna help you later in your life. <br><br>Just don't be afraid to take those chances. As long as you have the tenacity to stick out the beginnings of everything, everything else falls into place.","The writer is in a long distance relationship, but is unhappy with their job as a nurse due to poor management and difficult doctors. They have decided to move to their significant other's town and have an interview for a job there. They are hopeful that this move will allow them to finally start their lives together.","
The author interned in a senator's office but felt disconnected and unfulfilled. They turned to their TA who started a nonprofit called Builders of Promise and decided to work with them instead. The author believes that any experience can provide valuable skills and encourages others to take chances and persevere through the beginning stages.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.5
147,"(201, 286)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am in a long distance relationship but I am separated from my significant other by a few hours. I am a nurse at a great hospital but quite frankly, my management sucks and my doctors act like Karens. I have woken up dreading going to work for so long that it's my normal. These people have sucked the joy out of what I so passionately love to do. <br><br>I did try to wait it out to see if things would get better over time, but with no success. We've been together for less than a year but have talked about closing the gap. I've met his family and friends and vice versa. Nothing but good things from both sides. <br><br>This guy I am sure with every cell in my body that we're destined to be together. I'm gonna husband that man someday. I would be the moving party between the both of us and I'm absolutely okay with that. <br><br>I had updated my resume and sent some applications out last week, not expecting to hear anything from anyone until this week. I have an interview set for Friday morning and if all goes well, I will accept a position in my significant other's town doing what I love to do! <br><br>And that means we can finally start our lives together. And that gives me so much hope for the future.","One of the things my parents always taught me was to always take pride in your work, regardless if it's cleaning toilets. Even though I was working just at the mall, I still took a lot of pride in work and being a holiday cashier. Eventually they kept me on, it ended up being something I fell in love with. 27 years later, I'm still here. <br><br>When I left my hometown I was 21. I was moving to Los Angeles, I had just finished college. My aunt was talking very negatively about my decision, you're gonna fail, you're gonna come back crawling, anything you can imagine that would be demotivating. I didn't talk back to her, but I internalized a lot of her negativity and processed it more as empowerment. <br><br>It's interesting because many years later the whole family knows what I do for a living now and even she has said I am so proud of you. And I said to her, you're part of the reason that I made it, because your non-belief in me actually pushed me just as hard as the people that did believe in me. <br><br>So don't ever let anyone that doesn't believe in you affect your strength, just channel that energy in a very positive way.","The writer is in a long distance relationship, but is unhappy with their job as a nurse due to poor management and difficult doctors. They have decided to move to their significant other's town and have an interview for a job there. They are hopeful that this move will allow them to finally start their lives together.","The narrator was taught to take pride in their work, even if it's something seemingly small like being a holiday cashier. They ended up falling in love with the job and have been doing it for 27 years. Despite their aunt's negativity about their move to Los Angeles, the narrator used it as motivation and eventually succeeded, even gaining their aunt's pride.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
148,"(207, 220)","(0.553, 0.755]","I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","I'm the president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I was born in Manhattan and I came to visit my sister, who lives in Santa Fe and I thought, well, I think I'd like to live out here. And so I found a piece of land south of town, really rural, with no electricity at the site. <br><br>So I set up a solar array, really small with some batteries and an inverter. And I said, I think that I can do this for a living. But I never intended, I never planned this at all, I just sort of fell into it. <br><br>And it was logical and it was survival honestly, so show initiative. Don't wait for someone to say, do that. Try to figure it out as you're going along to understand the whole spectrum of the project. <br><br>Because if it's already something that you think you're part way into, or that you may have some passion for, that might be your career, that might be the thing that you wanna do.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.","
The president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, originally from Manhattan, found a piece of land south of town with no electricity and set up a solar array. He never planned to do this for a living but fell into it and found it logical and a means of survival. He advises others to show initiative, try to figure things out as they go along, and pursue their passions as a potential career.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.5,2.5
149,"(207, 266)","(0.553, 0.755]","I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","I remember being 18, trying to figure out what degree to study. And I still remember it, on the lower right-hand side of the Detroit Free Press, on the front page, they listed the highest starting salaries. Chemical engineer was at the top. So I said, I guess I'll do that. I decided to find a job using my degree. When I got to apply the skills I learned at school, I actually enjoyed it. I realized that I like this, and I figured out how to apply my skills. <br><br>I went back to graduate school, and then ended up getting a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan for one of Herman Miller Suppliers. 13 years later, I'm still here. And it's amazing to be part of an organization that tries to live up to its values every day. We don't always succeed. But by and large, every day I come in, and my team's job is to ask the question, have I made the best choice possible and look for innovative ways to make the world a better place? <br><br>I think that's so important, finding a company where you feel comfortable and they share this common set of values. If you land in a good company, the opportunities will open up. I've never been focused on the next promotion. It's all about getting immersed in my work and doing the best job that I can. And generally, good things have worked out from there.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.","
The narrator chose to study chemical engineering based on the highest starting salary listed in the newspaper. After finding a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan, he realized he enjoyed using the skills he learned in school and went back to graduate school. He values working for a company that shares his values and focuses on making the world a better place, and believes that opportunities will come from doing his best work rather than focusing on promotions.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,2.5
150,"(207, 293)","(0.553, 0.755]","I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","Growing up with just my dad and my brother, I was obviously very independent and strong-willed. My dad's best friend was a stockbroker, and for some reason, because I was so good with money, I decided that I would be a really good stockbroker. And fortunately, throughout high school, we had work exchange and work experience, and they used to send me off with all sorts of random checks and things to deliver somewhere, and I had no idea where I was going or how to get there. <br><br>And being the little surfy chick that I was, it just made me realize that wasn't the avenue I wanted to go down. Ultimately, to become successful in anything, you have to be relatively selfish. You have to be so one-dimensional. <br><br>I also believe that there's no such thing as a mistake, it's only a learning experience. The only mistake is not learning from it. But even then, you're just gonna be given the opportunity to learn it and learn it and learn it until such time as you do. So I made the same ""mistake'' over and over again until I actually got the lesson.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.","
The writer grew up with her father and brother and became independent and strong-willed. She thought she would be a good stockbroker but realized it wasn't the avenue she wanted to go down after participating in work exchange programs. She believes that mistakes are just learning experiences and kept making the same mistake until she learned the lesson.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,2.5
151,"(207, 294)","(0.553, 0.755]","I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","I wanted to be either a newscaster or a radio personality. I got a job working weekends in New York, so I kept my job in D.C. and I would drive up on the weekends. I would pass by all the exits on the turnpike to my parents' house, my best friend's house. <br><br>But nobody really believed or understood my grind. Instead of going home or going to friends and hanging out and getting hot meals, I slept in my car on the turnpike. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head. Not your parents, your sisters and brothers, not even your best friends. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head! Be fearless.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.","
The author wanted to become a newscaster or a radio personality and got a job in New York while keeping their job in D.C. They would sleep in their car on the turnpike instead of going home or hanging out with friends. The author advises not to let people get in your head and to be fearless.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.5,2.0,3.0
152,"(209, 216)","(0.553, 0.755]","I suffer from major depressive disorder (and about half a dozen other DSM-V diagnoses) and I hesitated for years to get another pet because I was worried I couldn't provide the kind of care and attention they need and deserve. <br><br>Then the pandemic came. With the freedom of being fortunate enough to work from home, I felt like I had a choice to either use my newfound free time to accelerate my self-destruction through isolation and substance abuse (which I absolutely did for the first few months of quarantine) or find a way to actually improve my life -- and that's what I've done my best to work toward for the last year. <br><br>I moved out of my parents' house at an embarrassingly late age and bought one of my own, something I'm incredibly proud of and was very lucky to have been able to do. I got back into therapy and decided to try some new medications with as much patience as I could muster. I started taking a bit better care of myself physically and spending more time around people, especially my handful of good friends. <br><br>Feeling better about myself than I have in a while, I finally ran out of excuses not to go through with the adoption and went to the local humane society. I met a dozen or so dogs but there was only one I felt an immediate connection to and I took her home that day. <br><br>She was nervous at first in her new environment and didn't even want to join me on the couch but, after a couple days of realizing I wouldn't ever leave her, she was already sleeping on my lap. She follows me everywhere and loves to play and cuddle. She had a play date with a friend's dog yesterday and she had so much fun that she's still exhausted. Plus she gets me moving which I desperately needed! <br><br>As a depressed person who also feels like he can give a rescue a happy life, I'm confident it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. I am genuinely happy for the first time in at least a decade when I'm around her and worry constantly when I occasionally can't be. <br><br>I can't wait to travel again now that this viral nightmare has finally began to wind down and I'm so looking forward to taking her with me.","I work in the event industry and covid did its number on usbut restrictions are finally loosened enough for us to do our job the way we used to. Half my body hurts, I'm definitely not getting enough sleep and won't have a day off that I can actually spend on my couch for the next 2 weeks. <br><br>This sounds bad, but it's exactly what I need right now. Having fun work days with my colleagues, who are equally as crazy as I am, doing a job I enjoy and feeling my sore muscles when I'm back home. My mental health has gotten so much better in the past two weeks. <br><br>Before that I was touring with a couple of folks who made me feel unwelcome and I constantly felt like no matter what I was doing, it wasn't enough. I did overestimate my skill and took over responsibilities I wasn't ready for, so their frustration is understandable, but it still took its toll on my mental health. Hard work isn't nearly as much fun if it's not appreciated. <br><br>Luckily I'm back and everything's gotten better. I randomly smile. I want to remember the day when I go to bed instead of hoping I'd forget it soon. I look forward to tomorrow instead of dreading it and I actually feel happy. This hasn't happened in a long time.","The author, who suffers from major depressive disorder, was hesitant to get a pet due to concerns about providing proper care. However, during the pandemic, they decided to make positive changes in their life, including moving out of their parents' house, getting back into therapy, and adopting a dog. The dog has brought them happiness and companionship, and they look forward to traveling with her in the future.","After a tough time in the event industry due to Covid, restrictions have now loosened enough for the narrator to work the way they used to. Despite the hard work and lack of rest, the narrator is happy to be back doing a job they enjoy with colleagues they like. Their mental health has improved greatly, as compared to when they were touring with people who made them feel unwelcome and underappreciated.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.0,3.0
153,"(21, 134)","(0.553, 0.755]","This happened about a month ago. I was outside with my daughter and she was playing with her friends and trying to learn how to ride a bike. I was looking at the next parking lot over and saw a few young kids riding their scooters and bikes on the side walk but going into the parking lot as well. I couldnt see anyone watching them and people zoom around here in all parking lots. <br><br>I was paying attention to my daughter when i heard a loud thud. I knew instantly what it was. Some young kid in his supped up car smacked into of of the girls. I called 911 as i was running over the kid didnt even get out of the car. <br><br>I stood behind him while talking to the operator in attempts to not let him leave. The kid was screaming, i think she broke her arm, and the mom finally makes her way outside. Shes with her kid screaming as im talking and waiting. <br><br>The cops show up a few minutes later before the ambulance and take over. It was crazy but the girl in the end ive seen in a cast. It could have went a lot worse. <br><br>Im kind of glad we have nothing going on in this town because the police were there in minutes.","I was at the checkout this morning, waiting behind a mom and her 4/5 year old daughter. She had a cart full of Halloween decorations. Cutesy things like plush pumpkins and wreaths and scarecrows. The mom was at the end of the counter sorting out her reusable shopping bags. <br><br>The child was unloading the cart. She was just jumping with excitement. The level in the cart got so low that the kid couldn't reach over the edge. So she did what any kid would do. She climbed the side. The cart started to tip, so I reached out to steady it. <br><br>I guess Mom caught my movement out of the corner of her eye, because she whipped around, grabbed the kid, and started scolding her. Which, understandable. I startled her and her kid scared her. She stands the kid on the ground and starts emptying the cart. <br><br>And this is where it starts to go off the rails.....The kid is watching with such a look of longing on her face. It was pitiful. The mom completely ignores her. Like she's not even there. Now, me. I would've done one of two or three things. I would've braced that cart with my feet and invited her to climb on up and have at it. Or picked the kid up and put her in the cart so she could hand things out. Or, at the very least, handed the things from the cart to the kid to put on the counter. <br><br>So, when the mom turns towards the cashier, the kid starts climbing the cart again. Mom catches her again and scolds more harshly. Now the kid is standing there, staring at the floor, trying not to cry. Mom is doing the ignoring thing again. I'm trying not to notice. <br><br>Then, the thing that absolutely burned my bacon...Last thing mom picked up out of the cart is this gorgeous child's Halloween mask. It's got fake painted lashes and adorable makeup and is trimmed around the edges with fluffy little feathers. Mom holds it in her hand, looks at the kid and says, ""You didn't really want this anyway, did you?"" In this bored, mean girl kind of voice. <br><br>And the kid just looks at the mask. Follows with her eyes as mom puts it back on the shelf. I've never wanted to slap someone so much in my life. Poor kid.","A person was outside with their daughter when they noticed young children riding their bikes and scooters in a potentially dangerous area. While they were distracted, a young driver hit one of the children and didn't get out of the car. The person called 911 and stayed with the injured child until the police arrived.","A mother and her young daughter were at the checkout with a cart full of Halloween decorations. The daughter was excitedly unloading the cart and climbed the side of it, causing it to tip. The mother scolded the child and then ignored her as she longingly watched the items being emptied from the cart. The mother then cruelly told the child that she didn't really want a beautiful Halloween mask, causing the child to look crestfallen.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.5,1.0
154,"(21, 68)","(0.553, 0.755]","This happened about a month ago. I was outside with my daughter and she was playing with her friends and trying to learn how to ride a bike. I was looking at the next parking lot over and saw a few young kids riding their scooters and bikes on the side walk but going into the parking lot as well. I couldnt see anyone watching them and people zoom around here in all parking lots. <br><br>I was paying attention to my daughter when i heard a loud thud. I knew instantly what it was. Some young kid in his supped up car smacked into of of the girls. I called 911 as i was running over the kid didnt even get out of the car. <br><br>I stood behind him while talking to the operator in attempts to not let him leave. The kid was screaming, i think she broke her arm, and the mom finally makes her way outside. Shes with her kid screaming as im talking and waiting. <br><br>The cops show up a few minutes later before the ambulance and take over. It was crazy but the girl in the end ive seen in a cast. It could have went a lot worse. <br><br>Im kind of glad we have nothing going on in this town because the police were there in minutes.","This happened about 3 months ago. I was driving with my brother back from the movie theater when we were sideswiped by another car. It spun us around into the median and was completely terrifying. It really came out of nowhere and gave me no time to react or take any preventative measures. We both looked at each other shocked when we came to a stop. We checked on each other to make sure we were both okay, which we were. <br><br>We got out of my car to assess the damage and make sure the other driver was okay. The other driver got out of their car and was obviously under the influence. You could see the wobble in them from 20 feet away. My car, which was pretty new, was smashed in the rear driver side, but not as bad as I would have thought. <br><br>The other driver looked to be in his mid 20s and started to freak out a bit when he realized that we were calling the police. The police got there really quickly and gave the guy a field sobriety test which he failed miserably. I exchanged information with one of the officers while we waited for a tow truck to come. The other driver was arrested and my car was towed away. <br><br>It is the only major accident I've ever been in besides one or two small fender benders in parking lots. Surprisingly, my car was mostly okay. It's a 2012 Subaru Legacy that I spent a lot of time saving up for. I'm not entirely sure what happened to the other driver, but his insurance settled out with us. <br><br>Ironically, my car was salvaged out about a month later due to hail damage (somehow that was more costly than this accident).","A person was outside with their daughter when they noticed young children riding their bikes and scooters in a potentially dangerous area. While they were distracted, a young driver hit one of the children and didn't get out of the car. The person called 911 and stayed with the injured child until the police arrived.","
The author and his brother were in a car accident when they were sideswiped by a drunk driver. The other driver failed a field sobriety test and was arrested. The author's car was damaged but surprisingly mostly okay, although it was later salvaged due to hail damage.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
155,"(210, 213)","(0.553, 0.755]","A month ago I bought a pair of jeans online that I thought were my size but when I got them they were too small and I realized I gained a lot more weight than I thought I did. Not fitting into these jeans and my doctor telling me I was obese is what made me realize that I needed to lose weight. <br><br>Now I can finally fit into these jeans comfortably. At the time, I could barely button them up. Today I finally fit into them. This made me happy because I've been trying to lose weight for a while now, and this is the longest I've gone without binging or quitting. <br><br>I know it's only been a month but I'm proud of myself. I can't wait to be at a healthy weight.","I don't have too much extra weight on me. I should lose around 5 kilograms, but it's hard to start it when the extra is not that much. <br><br>But yesterday I had to use the next hole on my belt because my jeans kept falling off, and today I went running and did my best pace ever. <br><br>I didn't believe in running plans until I actually started one. I changed my diet too, counting calories and paying more attention what I eat. <br><br>I'm so motivated!","After buying a pair of jeans online that didn't fit, the author realized they had gained more weight than they thought. This prompted them to start a weight loss journey. A month later, they are now able to comfortably fit into the jeans and are proud of their progress in maintaining their weight loss goals.","
The author had only a little extra weight, but found it difficult to lose. However, after having to use a tighter belt hole and achieving a personal best while running, they became motivated to start a running plan and change their diet by counting calories and being more mindful of what they eat. The author is now feeling very motivated.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,4.0,4.0
156,"(214, 293)","(0.553, 0.755]","I remember when I first opened my bank account at 16 the first thing my Dad said was 'DONT GET A CREDIT CARD'! Although it was always tempting I didn't, until I did. I met a girl who at the time I didn't know was kinda rich. When we met I was only making 11,000 a year after taxes. She was making 40,000 after taxes. We decided to go on holiday and even though she offered I couldn't let her pay the bulk of it. So I got a credit card. And we used that as spending money. <br><br>I got a credit card and my thinking was literally 'maybe owing the bank will encourage me to get better prospects.' Surprisingly enough IT DID. Risky game though. I went to college and used the credit card to pay for it thinking it's gonna be am investment. It was. I still wasn't making much but entry level I was making more than I was when we had met. <br><br>We've been together 10 years and will have been married for 5 years in May. During these 10 years I've quit smoking and drinking heavily. I still drink but it's like once a month and not everyday like I was when I first met my wife. <br><br>When my wife told me she was pregnant the first time, my mind went don't let your kids have your debt. And I made my final payment today. I checked my statements and my initial use was 3,000 and over the years between college it amassed to about 7,000. I payed the bank at least 10,000 overall. But it's finally over. I am debt free.","Growing up with just my dad and my brother, I was obviously very independent and strong-willed. My dad's best friend was a stockbroker, and for some reason, because I was so good with money, I decided that I would be a really good stockbroker. And fortunately, throughout high school, we had work exchange and work experience, and they used to send me off with all sorts of random checks and things to deliver somewhere, and I had no idea where I was going or how to get there. <br><br>And being the little surfy chick that I was, it just made me realize that wasn't the avenue I wanted to go down. Ultimately, to become successful in anything, you have to be relatively selfish. You have to be so one-dimensional. <br><br>I also believe that there's no such thing as a mistake, it's only a learning experience. The only mistake is not learning from it. But even then, you're just gonna be given the opportunity to learn it and learn it and learn it until such time as you do. So I made the same ""mistake'' over and over again until I actually got the lesson.","
The author's father warned them not to get a credit card, but they eventually got one when they met a girl who was making more money than them. They used the credit card to pay for college and it ended up being a good investment. After finding out they were going to be a parent, the author made their final payment and became debt-free.","
The writer grew up with her father and brother and became independent and strong-willed. She thought she would be a good stockbroker but realized it wasn't the avenue she wanted to go down after participating in work exchange programs. She believes that mistakes are just learning experiences and kept making the same mistake until she learned the lesson.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.5,1.0
157,"(219, 248)","(0.519, 0.553]","Just about every night, I'd be out there practicing. And it was so dark, juggling, I'd just keep dropping my balls and couldn't see them, so I thought, ""Well, I'll start hunting out a product that can light up,'' because I quite liked to tinker with electronics and that. <br><br>So I made a whole heap of little prototypes and then we got it made. I'm sort of guiding these balls around. I haven't got complete control over them because I can't make it stop in mid-air. <br><br>It sort of resembles life to me. You've got influences and other things that move around you, but you can't stop them or take total control over them, but you can influence things.","I was thinking, ""Here's what I love, but what I love won't ever make me money, so I'm gonna get an economics degree and just play guitar when I get home I guess.'' It's a risk, for sure. <br><br>I used to think that the friction was a bad thing. Like, the tension that you feel. You wanna cut the tension. Everything's to ease pain in our society, very much like pain is the enemy. <br><br>And I don't think that that's true. I think that the tension's a good thing, that to be pulled tight is almost the only way you can make a proper noise on a guitar or violin. <br><br>So if you feel pulled, that's not a bad thing.","
A man who enjoyed juggling in the dark decided to create a product that could light up the balls he was juggling. He experimented with prototypes and eventually had the product made. While he couldn't control the balls completely, he found the experience to be a metaphor for life - one can influence things but not always have total control.","
The author initially pursued economics despite his passion for music, thinking it was the only way to make money. However, he realized that the tension he felt between his love for music and the practicality of economics was actually a good thing, as tension is necessary to create beautiful music. He encourages others to embrace the tension and follow their passions, even if it involves taking risks.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.5,2.0
158,"(22, 180)","(0.553, 0.755]","Just last week I bought a house. I had been looking for something local that I could purchase that would fit my budget with not a lot of money down. I decided that I would make a home purchase of a double wide in my local manufactured home community. I signed the papers and felt a rush of excitement that I was finally going to be a homeowner. <br><br>The most memorable part was when they handed me the keys and said this is now your new home. I couldn't believe it was actually ours. I wanted to find something that was large enough for my family, but that wouldn't be much upkeep. We are extremely busy people. <br><br>The home is brand new from the factory and so is everything in it. So this is perfect for what we are looking for, and it is all ours. Very exciting! I can't believe that we are actually home owners. <br><br>While the searching wasn't the most fun part, and we are still moving, getting to have our own home is super exciting. I can't believe it is ours. I can't believe that everything worked out and we have a place of our own.","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","
The author purchased a double-wide home in a local manufactured home community that fit their budget and was low maintenance. The home was brand new and perfect for their busy family. The author was excited and couldn't believe they were finally homeowners.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
159,"(22, 47)","(0.553, 0.755]","Just last week I bought a house. I had been looking for something local that I could purchase that would fit my budget with not a lot of money down. I decided that I would make a home purchase of a double wide in my local manufactured home community. I signed the papers and felt a rush of excitement that I was finally going to be a homeowner. <br><br>The most memorable part was when they handed me the keys and said this is now your new home. I couldn't believe it was actually ours. I wanted to find something that was large enough for my family, but that wouldn't be much upkeep. We are extremely busy people. <br><br>The home is brand new from the factory and so is everything in it. So this is perfect for what we are looking for, and it is all ours. Very exciting! I can't believe that we are actually home owners. <br><br>While the searching wasn't the most fun part, and we are still moving, getting to have our own home is super exciting. I can't believe it is ours. I can't believe that everything worked out and we have a place of our own.","About four months ago, my wife and I sold our first family home. We have a large family. It is my wife and I plus five children. Our oldest daughter started asking us about having her own room. Although we loved that house, we knew it was time to get something bigger. <br><br>Luckily, we sold it after being on the market for only three days. We found a house with more bedrooms quickly, and the whole process was as smooth as it could have been. <br><br>However, it is bittersweet looking back on everything. That house was very special to me. I did a lot of work on it. I saw my children grow and learn and love there. We made so many good memories. We charted how our children grew on a closet door (which is probably still there). It was a wonderful house while it lasted, but things happen and we had to let it go. <br><br>As of today, I can still remember every little nook and cranny of that place. After all, it has only been a few months. However, it is sad to think these memories will eventually fade. <br><br>I love our new house, but that first one will always hold a special place in my heart.","
The author purchased a double-wide home in a local manufactured home community that fit their budget and was low maintenance. The home was brand new and perfect for their busy family. The author was excited and couldn't believe they were finally homeowners.","
The author and his wife sold their first family home four months ago to find a bigger house for their large family. Although they found a new home quickly, the author feels bittersweet about leaving their old house where they made many good memories. While he loves their new house, the first one will always hold a special place in his heart.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,3.0,2.5,3.0
160,"(220, 225)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I was born in Manhattan and I came to visit my sister, who lives in Santa Fe and I thought, well, I think I'd like to live out here. And so I found a piece of land south of town, really rural, with no electricity at the site. <br><br>So I set up a solar array, really small with some batteries and an inverter. And I said, I think that I can do this for a living. But I never intended, I never planned this at all, I just sort of fell into it. <br><br>And it was logical and it was survival honestly, so show initiative. Don't wait for someone to say, do that. Try to figure it out as you're going along to understand the whole spectrum of the project. <br><br>Because if it's already something that you think you're part way into, or that you may have some passion for, that might be your career, that might be the thing that you wanna do.","I took one theater class in college, which was a class in script analysis. When we graduated from school and we didn't know any better, no one said, ""Hey, they're not gonna hire you, so make your own company. We just thought, ""Let's do this. We've done this before. It feels right, and what's the worst thing that happens?'' <br><br>The idea of how you find confirmation that you're on the right path is something that I think you're constantly assessing. The folks that have been doing whatever they've been doing for a long time, when you meet them and they're in their 60s or their 70s or they're 50 years old and you see this spark that goes on, they still have that glee. <br><br>And you see that that's what gives them vitality. When you feel that, and everything else disappears, you're in the right place.","
The president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, originally from Manhattan, found a piece of land south of town with no electricity and set up a solar array. He never planned to do this for a living but fell into it and found it logical and a means of survival. He advises others to show initiative, try to figure things out as they go along, and pursue their passions as a potential career.","
The author took a theater class in college and the experience led them to start their own company with their classmates. They didn't know if they would succeed, but they went for it anyway. The author believes that finding confirmation that you're on the right path is important and that seeing the spark in others who have been doing what they love for a long time is a sign of vitality.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
161,"(220, 229)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I was born in Manhattan and I came to visit my sister, who lives in Santa Fe and I thought, well, I think I'd like to live out here. And so I found a piece of land south of town, really rural, with no electricity at the site. <br><br>So I set up a solar array, really small with some batteries and an inverter. And I said, I think that I can do this for a living. But I never intended, I never planned this at all, I just sort of fell into it. <br><br>And it was logical and it was survival honestly, so show initiative. Don't wait for someone to say, do that. Try to figure it out as you're going along to understand the whole spectrum of the project. <br><br>Because if it's already something that you think you're part way into, or that you may have some passion for, that might be your career, that might be the thing that you wanna do.","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","
The president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, originally from Manhattan, found a piece of land south of town with no electricity and set up a solar array. He never planned to do this for a living but fell into it and found it logical and a means of survival. He advises others to show initiative, try to figure things out as they go along, and pursue their passions as a potential career.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.5
162,"(220, 232)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I was born in Manhattan and I came to visit my sister, who lives in Santa Fe and I thought, well, I think I'd like to live out here. And so I found a piece of land south of town, really rural, with no electricity at the site. <br><br>So I set up a solar array, really small with some batteries and an inverter. And I said, I think that I can do this for a living. But I never intended, I never planned this at all, I just sort of fell into it. <br><br>And it was logical and it was survival honestly, so show initiative. Don't wait for someone to say, do that. Try to figure it out as you're going along to understand the whole spectrum of the project. <br><br>Because if it's already something that you think you're part way into, or that you may have some passion for, that might be your career, that might be the thing that you wanna do.","No one thinks about bobsledding as a kid, especially around here, sunny southern California. You see it on TV during the Olympics, and that's it. It's just not something that you think about doing at a young age. <br><br>When I came to UCLA, even by my fourth, fifth year, I was like, what am I gonna do? Track's almost over, I keep getting hurt throwing javelinand it's just like, what next? That's when my coach encouraged me to try out for bobsledding. Never been in a sled before, never been on ice before, but you have to realize what can I do now that I'll not be able to do later on? <br><br>You can't go back and bobsled in ten years , you have to do it now. This is the only time you can do it. So I was like, I gotta go do this, I gotta try it now or else I'll never know. And that ultimately led to Korea for the Winter Olympic Games. <br><br>So for me, my goal has always been the same, to make the Olympics. I just didn't realize it would be in bobsledding, but here I am.","
The president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, originally from Manhattan, found a piece of land south of town with no electricity and set up a solar array. He never planned to do this for a living but fell into it and found it logical and a means of survival. He advises others to show initiative, try to figure things out as they go along, and pursue their passions as a potential career.","
A southern Californian athlete, who was unsure of his future after getting injured in track and field, was encouraged by his coach to try out for bobsledding. Despite having no experience with the sport or ice, he decided to take the opportunity to try something new. This led to his participation in the Winter Olympics in Korea, fulfilling his goal of becoming an Olympian.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
163,"(220, 280)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I was born in Manhattan and I came to visit my sister, who lives in Santa Fe and I thought, well, I think I'd like to live out here. And so I found a piece of land south of town, really rural, with no electricity at the site. <br><br>So I set up a solar array, really small with some batteries and an inverter. And I said, I think that I can do this for a living. But I never intended, I never planned this at all, I just sort of fell into it. <br><br>And it was logical and it was survival honestly, so show initiative. Don't wait for someone to say, do that. Try to figure it out as you're going along to understand the whole spectrum of the project. <br><br>Because if it's already something that you think you're part way into, or that you may have some passion for, that might be your career, that might be the thing that you wanna do.","I'm from Little Rock, Arkansas, born and raised. Little Rock in the 90s was on the top five crime lists and murder rate lists in the country. It was a bad time for that city. I never felt like I belonged there. I just felt like this isn't right. <br><br>I decided to change my life. And I didn't really know all the ways how yet, but I knew not being in Little Rock needed to be a part of it. Little Rock is too small , but I was nervous that I might not be ready to go to New York, or LA. So a mid size city. Looking for a low crime rate, and trend in technology upward. And Seattle was that place. <br><br>I do think that one of the most powerful things in the world is understanding what you want, and just trying to figure out how to focus on that. Just today, not forever, not in ten years, because you'll be different in five years. You just are how you are now. And knowing what you want right now is the thing that should drive what you're doing. <br><br>I've been able to do that, and I've been very successful and it's not because I'm special. It's just because I focused on what I wanted.","
The president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, originally from Manhattan, found a piece of land south of town with no electricity and set up a solar array. He never planned to do this for a living but fell into it and found it logical and a means of survival. He advises others to show initiative, try to figure things out as they go along, and pursue their passions as a potential career.","
The narrator grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas, a city with high crime and murder rates. Feeling like they didn't belong there, they decided to change their life and move to a mid-sized city with low crime and a trend in technology upward. They believe that understanding what you want and focusing on it is the key to success.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,2.5
164,"(220, 294)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I was born in Manhattan and I came to visit my sister, who lives in Santa Fe and I thought, well, I think I'd like to live out here. And so I found a piece of land south of town, really rural, with no electricity at the site. <br><br>So I set up a solar array, really small with some batteries and an inverter. And I said, I think that I can do this for a living. But I never intended, I never planned this at all, I just sort of fell into it. <br><br>And it was logical and it was survival honestly, so show initiative. Don't wait for someone to say, do that. Try to figure it out as you're going along to understand the whole spectrum of the project. <br><br>Because if it's already something that you think you're part way into, or that you may have some passion for, that might be your career, that might be the thing that you wanna do.","I wanted to be either a newscaster or a radio personality. I got a job working weekends in New York, so I kept my job in D.C. and I would drive up on the weekends. I would pass by all the exits on the turnpike to my parents' house, my best friend's house. <br><br>But nobody really believed or understood my grind. Instead of going home or going to friends and hanging out and getting hot meals, I slept in my car on the turnpike. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head. Not your parents, your sisters and brothers, not even your best friends. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head! Be fearless.","
The president of a sustainable construction company in Santa Fe, originally from Manhattan, found a piece of land south of town with no electricity and set up a solar array. He never planned to do this for a living but fell into it and found it logical and a means of survival. He advises others to show initiative, try to figure things out as they go along, and pursue their passions as a potential career.","
The author wanted to become a newscaster or a radio personality and got a job in New York while keeping their job in D.C. They would sleep in their car on the turnpike instead of going home or hanging out with friends. The author advises not to let people get in your head and to be fearless.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,3.0
165,"(221, 245)","(0.498, 0.519]","The single worst job I ever had was washing dishes at a hospital in Philadelphia. I was the guy who was doing the communicable diseases stuff. So I had to wear the heavy gloves, and that stuff was just nasty. I started working my way up the ladder, reminding myself, well, I could be doing that, which was always very helpful. It helped me to never look down on somebody for what they're doing, because if somebody looked down at me washing those eight patients ' dishes, they would have misjudged me completely. <br><br>Anybody who tells you that they woke up and were whoever they were, they're kidding you. Everybody gets started somewhere. If somebody figured something out, you can too, because they did the hard part. They figured it out the first time. <br><br>Don't measure yourself in terms of my gosh, I've got so far to go. Eventually, you get there. Just know that if you keep plugging away, it will work out. I'm a big believer, you do the right things, good things happen.","I started doing theater in high school, and I fell in love it, and then I got done with high school, and I was like I don't know what else to do. I just enjoy theater, so I'm gonna keep doing theater. I went up to the University of Minnesota Duluth and continued schooling up there. I got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. <br><br>After school, I ended up on tour with South Pacific for a while, and then they ended up needing an audio engineer for the national tour of Blue Man Group. So I ended up moving over to that show once South Pacific closed, and really fell in love with it. <br><br>And then this position here in Vegas opened up. So I'm the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas. And that includes supervising a team of other audio professionals and then running the show pretty often. <br><br>There's rarely a day that I'll leave this building and be like, man, that was a rough day. Usually I leave and I'm really happy. And it's cool that I'm a part of creating something and hopefully inspiring people that come in to our show and putting a smile on somebody's face.","
The author's worst job was washing dishes at a hospital, where he had to wear heavy gloves and deal with nasty communicable diseases. However, he used it as motivation to work his way up the ladder and never looked down on others for their job. He believes that everyone starts somewhere and if you keep working hard, good things will happen.","
The story is about a person who fell in love with theater in high school and pursued it after graduating. They got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. The person ended up as the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, supervising a team of other audio professionals and running the show.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.5,2.5
166,"(222, 275)","(0.553, 0.755]","The expectations on both sides, from my mother and father, were always to do well in school. There was never a question about whether or not I would go to college. It was when I got to college and lost my support and scaffolding system that I completely fell apart. I had been so successful for so long and I could not figure out why I could not pull it together. Because I struggled. <br><br>Now I understand and know it was my ADHD. I had no clue at the time what it was. I started working in the classroom and the first day in the classroom, I fell in love. What I discovered was preschoolers all to some degree have ADHD. So, we got along fine. They have 10 minute attention spans, so do I, so the activities were cool. It was just the perfect job for me. I was like, why didn't anybody tell me I could do this before? <br><br>I didn't really get my act together until probably my late 20s or early 30s. I accept that I have challenges and sometimes I'm not gonna do stuff right. Be able to forgive yourself and other people. Move on to the next hurdle because there's always gonna be another hurdle.","I thought I was gonna be a professional dancer. I'd come home at 10 PM and I would be really tired physically and mentally, and I just kind of decided, I don't wanna do that any more. I transitioned into creative writing and, probably one of the best decisions I ever made in my life, because ultimately that led me here. <br><br>This was the second job I applied to, out of 43 jobs. I get to make sure that the products that come to me are in a very specific format, that I can make sure it gets all of the approvals from all of the people they need to get approvals from. <br><br>Ultimately I still use my dance skills. One of the main things we learned about was improvisation. I use that all the time. I got to be the most nit-picky grammar nerd ever. They let me talk about hyphens and dashes like nobody's business. <br><br>When it comes down to like, you have to take this path or whatever to be an engineer or an architect or a scientist or a writer or literary agent or an actor or anything like that, I don't see a lot of people who do that.","
The author's parents always had high expectations for their academic success and going to college, but after they got to college, they struggled due to undiagnosed ADHD. They found their calling working with preschoolers, who also have short attention spans, and realized they could succeed in this field. It wasn't until their late 20s or early 30s that they accepted their challenges and learned to forgive themselves and move on to the next obstacle.","
The narrator initially pursued a career in dancing but eventually decided to transition into creative writing. They landed their current job, which involves ensuring products meet certain criteria and obtaining necessary approvals. Despite the change in career, the narrator still utilizes skills learned in dance, such as improvisation, and enjoys their role as a grammar enthusiast.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.5,2.5
167,"(222, 283)","(0.553, 0.755]","The expectations on both sides, from my mother and father, were always to do well in school. There was never a question about whether or not I would go to college. It was when I got to college and lost my support and scaffolding system that I completely fell apart. I had been so successful for so long and I could not figure out why I could not pull it together. Because I struggled. <br><br>Now I understand and know it was my ADHD. I had no clue at the time what it was. I started working in the classroom and the first day in the classroom, I fell in love. What I discovered was preschoolers all to some degree have ADHD. So, we got along fine. They have 10 minute attention spans, so do I, so the activities were cool. It was just the perfect job for me. I was like, why didn't anybody tell me I could do this before? <br><br>I didn't really get my act together until probably my late 20s or early 30s. I accept that I have challenges and sometimes I'm not gonna do stuff right. Be able to forgive yourself and other people. Move on to the next hurdle because there's always gonna be another hurdle.","I grew up in New York City. My mom was a schoolteacher in Harlem in the South Bronx. When I was 15, I graduated early from high school and spent a year working with my mom in Harlem as a school teacher, as a paraprofessional school teacher. <br><br>We weren't from a really wealthy family or anything, but we had educational privilege. As a teacher you see the rewards of working with individual kids and you see the inequality and unfairness all the time. <br><br>So, I was really aware of the fundamental injustice in our society but I felt a responsibility to do something with all the privilege that I had.","
The author's parents always had high expectations for their academic success and going to college, but after they got to college, they struggled due to undiagnosed ADHD. They found their calling working with preschoolers, who also have short attention spans, and realized they could succeed in this field. It wasn't until their late 20s or early 30s that they accepted their challenges and learned to forgive themselves and move on to the next obstacle.","
The author grew up in New York City and worked with their mother as a paraprofessional school teacher in Harlem after graduating high school at 15. Despite not being from a wealthy family, they recognized the inequality and unfairness in society and felt a responsibility to use their educational privilege to make a difference.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
168,"(223, 246)","(0.553, 0.755]","I interned in a senator's office last year and I just felt too disconnected from everyone. It's hard to feel like you're making a difference for people serving in that capacity. So I came back to my TA who started builders of promise and I was like, government really wasn't my bit. <br><br>So she offered to have me come work with her nonprofit. I think pretty much anything you do will result in some kind of skill or a way of thinking that's gonna help you later in your life. <br><br>Just don't be afraid to take those chances. As long as you have the tenacity to stick out the beginnings of everything, everything else falls into place.","I'm a professor at Harvard Business School and Harvard Law School. I teach finance at the business school. And I teach taxation and tax policy at the law school. I've been on the faculty for about 19 years. So the really fun thing about teaching is it's a way to learn things. So when I teach something is when I understand the deeper. And so I just have really come to love it and I think as I've gotten older, I value it even more and more. Teaching has become a bigger and bigger part of my life. <br><br>I can't say there was like some grand design. There certainly wasn't. I'm not one of those people who saw my future with precision and was simply going down a path with clarity. That's just not the way I was. And in fact when I was doing my PhD was the worst. Because I had gone to business school. People I graduated with from business school are out there in the world making money and I was not. Like I was studying economics. And so that was when I questioned myself the most. <br><br>And I kind of really thought, what the heck am I doing? Take the time in your 20s to invest in yourself. That can be formal education, that can just be experiences, that can be exposures. You're more likely to under-invest in your experiences than over-invest.","
The author interned in a senator's office but felt disconnected and unfulfilled. They turned to their TA who started a nonprofit called Builders of Promise and decided to work with them instead. The author believes that any experience can provide valuable skills and encourages others to take chances and persevere through the beginning stages.","
The story is about a professor who teaches finance at Harvard Business School and taxation and tax policy at Harvard Law School. Teaching has become a bigger part of his life and he values it more as he gets older. He did not have a grand design for his career and questioned himself the most during his PhD, but he advises investing in oneself in their 20s through formal education, experiences, and exposures.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,2.5
169,"(223, 269)","(0.519, 0.553]","I interned in a senator's office last year and I just felt too disconnected from everyone. It's hard to feel like you're making a difference for people serving in that capacity. So I came back to my TA who started builders of promise and I was like, government really wasn't my bit. <br><br>So she offered to have me come work with her nonprofit. I think pretty much anything you do will result in some kind of skill or a way of thinking that's gonna help you later in your life. <br><br>Just don't be afraid to take those chances. As long as you have the tenacity to stick out the beginnings of everything, everything else falls into place.","I wanted to do chemistry because I liked it, and I also thought I was going to go to medical school, so that was a constant. I had actually taken the MCATs, which are the entrance to medical school, so I was really going in that direction. <br><br>In my senior year, I decided that was not for me. The reason I came to Sandia and to New Mexico is to work on an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. <br><br>It's very exciting to think of a way of solving a big problem. When you can see that side of any kind of profession, it's incredibly fulfilling. To be successful you really have to love what you're doing. <br><br>You can put up with the little stuff that always will get in the way. Really be able to say, ""I love my job.''","
The author interned in a senator's office but felt disconnected and unfulfilled. They turned to their TA who started a nonprofit called Builders of Promise and decided to work with them instead. The author believes that any experience can provide valuable skills and encourages others to take chances and persevere through the beginning stages.","
The narrator initially wanted to pursue a career in medicine but decided to switch to chemistry after taking the MCATs. They are now working on a project involving an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. The narrator finds it fulfilling to work on a project that solves a big problem and believes that loving your job is crucial for success.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,3.0,2.0
170,"(223, 300)","(0.553, 0.755]","I interned in a senator's office last year and I just felt too disconnected from everyone. It's hard to feel like you're making a difference for people serving in that capacity. So I came back to my TA who started builders of promise and I was like, government really wasn't my bit. <br><br>So she offered to have me come work with her nonprofit. I think pretty much anything you do will result in some kind of skill or a way of thinking that's gonna help you later in your life. <br><br>Just don't be afraid to take those chances. As long as you have the tenacity to stick out the beginnings of everything, everything else falls into place.","I've had multiple experiences, and all of them have been very significant in my evolution. I originally majored in geology because I liked rocks. Then they threw physics at me, and I decided that this was not for me. But I clearly didn't know what I was doing. I jumped from job to job trying to figure out. Seven months at a time, trying to figure out what I wanted to do. <br><br>It took years later when I discovered community education, and I really felt the passion. I don't think the search ever ends. And I don't think one ever finds oneself. It's a constant journey. It's a constant search. <br><br>I see more and more the pressure of making decisions about life. That somehow, if you don't decide where you go and how to get there, there's failure up ahead. I think that when I allowed myself the enjoyment of the journey and was not fearful that it would leave me to a dead end, it was fun.","
The author interned in a senator's office but felt disconnected and unfulfilled. They turned to their TA who started a nonprofit called Builders of Promise and decided to work with them instead. The author believes that any experience can provide valuable skills and encourages others to take chances and persevere through the beginning stages.","
The author initially studied geology but realized it wasn't for them after encountering physics. They spent years trying out different jobs until discovering their passion for community education. The author believes that the search for oneself is a constant journey and that it's important to enjoy the journey rather than fear failure.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.5,4.0,4.0
171,"(224, 232)","(0.519, 0.553]","I found rock climbing my freshman year of college. I wanted to stay fit, I want to stay healthy. It was something to distract me from the stresses of school. I got to relax and be focused on myself. I fell in love with it. <br><br>It's a physical ability, but also having the mental confidence to do these obstacles because they're terrifying, if you first look at them. I felt like this is my chance to show people all around the world that women are stronger than what people make them out to be. Break beyond the grain of we're quiet and timid, and that's who I am. <br><br>I do well, because I think I have fun with it and it's really just exploring new things and getting scared and feeling uncomfortable which is one of the biggest things. Throwing yourself in a situation where you're feeling uncomfortable and working past that grows you as a person and prepares you for adult life.","No one thinks about bobsledding as a kid, especially around here, sunny southern California. You see it on TV during the Olympics, and that's it. It's just not something that you think about doing at a young age. <br><br>When I came to UCLA, even by my fourth, fifth year, I was like, what am I gonna do? Track's almost over, I keep getting hurt throwing javelinand it's just like, what next? That's when my coach encouraged me to try out for bobsledding. Never been in a sled before, never been on ice before, but you have to realize what can I do now that I'll not be able to do later on? <br><br>You can't go back and bobsled in ten years , you have to do it now. This is the only time you can do it. So I was like, I gotta go do this, I gotta try it now or else I'll never know. And that ultimately led to Korea for the Winter Olympic Games. <br><br>So for me, my goal has always been the same, to make the Olympics. I just didn't realize it would be in bobsledding, but here I am.","
A college freshman found rock climbing as a way to stay fit and relieve stress. She fell in love with it and saw it as an opportunity to show that women are stronger than stereotypes suggest. By exploring new challenges and overcoming discomfort, she believes that rock climbing has helped her grow as a person and prepare for adult life.","
A southern Californian athlete, who was unsure of his future after getting injured in track and field, was encouraged by his coach to try out for bobsledding. Despite having no experience with the sport or ice, he decided to take the opportunity to try something new. This led to his participation in the Winter Olympics in Korea, fulfilling his goal of becoming an Olympian.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,2.5,3.0
172,"(225, 230)","(0.451, 0.465]","I took one theater class in college, which was a class in script analysis. When we graduated from school and we didn't know any better, no one said, ""Hey, they're not gonna hire you, so make your own company. We just thought, ""Let's do this. We've done this before. It feels right, and what's the worst thing that happens?'' <br><br>The idea of how you find confirmation that you're on the right path is something that I think you're constantly assessing. The folks that have been doing whatever they've been doing for a long time, when you meet them and they're in their 60s or their 70s or they're 50 years old and you see this spark that goes on, they still have that glee. <br><br>And you see that that's what gives them vitality. When you feel that, and everything else disappears, you're in the right place.","The two qualities I aspire to are hustle and humility. Hustle for me captures just being totally shameless and persistent and getting someone or something to yes. In the early days that just meant cold calling and cold calling and cold calling reporters until one of them finally did a story about our site and the foundations until one of them finally called me back and made an angel grant to our organization. <br><br>As for humility, I think as an organization we're humble about the work we do. The very premise of our organization is that teachers on the front lines know their kids better than anybody else in the system. So if we can tap into their front line expertise, we'll unleash better targeted, smarter, more innovative micro solutions than what anybody would come up with from on high. <br><br>Humility is going to help you be successful as well as make you a nicer person. The hustle is what will get you ahead and the humility is what will have people rooting for you to get ahead.","
The author took a theater class in college and the experience led them to start their own company with their classmates. They didn't know if they would succeed, but they went for it anyway. The author believes that finding confirmation that you're on the right path is important and that seeing the spark in others who have been doing what they love for a long time is a sign of vitality.","
The author believes that having hustle and humility are important qualities to aspire to. Hustle means being shameless and persistent in getting to a yes, while humility is being aware of one's limitations and valuing the expertise of others. The combination of these qualities can lead to success and likability.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,3.0
173,"(225, 270)","(0.553, 0.755]","I took one theater class in college, which was a class in script analysis. When we graduated from school and we didn't know any better, no one said, ""Hey, they're not gonna hire you, so make your own company. We just thought, ""Let's do this. We've done this before. It feels right, and what's the worst thing that happens?'' <br><br>The idea of how you find confirmation that you're on the right path is something that I think you're constantly assessing. The folks that have been doing whatever they've been doing for a long time, when you meet them and they're in their 60s or their 70s or they're 50 years old and you see this spark that goes on, they still have that glee. <br><br>And you see that that's what gives them vitality. When you feel that, and everything else disappears, you're in the right place.","When I got out of college, I went into the Army Reserve, through the Communications Officer. I ended up back in 89 getting a job working for the Air Force Research Laboratory. We worked to make weapons smarter, new technology to be able to kind of carry weapons. <br><br>And so this whole focus was on creating capability. But when you're in the entrepreneurship world and the commercial world, that's a different mindset. When I worked for the government. I could spend the government money on my ideas. But I'm out here as an entrepreneur, I have to spend my own money. So that was hard for me, to try to get that switch going on. <br><br>My approach, and what I always tell people is you have to start connecting, networking. And a lot of people thinks that's hard , but it is not really hard. It's just a matter of meeting people, and let them know what you do or what you wanna do.","
The author took a theater class in college and the experience led them to start their own company with their classmates. They didn't know if they would succeed, but they went for it anyway. The author believes that finding confirmation that you're on the right path is important and that seeing the spark in others who have been doing what they love for a long time is a sign of vitality.","
The writer worked for the Army Reserve and later for the Air Force Research Laboratory on creating smarter weapons. However, transitioning to entrepreneurship was difficult as they had to spend their own money instead of using government funds. They advise networking and connecting with people to succeed in entrepreneurship.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.5,2.5
174,"(225, 307)","(0.553, 0.755]","I took one theater class in college, which was a class in script analysis. When we graduated from school and we didn't know any better, no one said, ""Hey, they're not gonna hire you, so make your own company. We just thought, ""Let's do this. We've done this before. It feels right, and what's the worst thing that happens?'' <br><br>The idea of how you find confirmation that you're on the right path is something that I think you're constantly assessing. The folks that have been doing whatever they've been doing for a long time, when you meet them and they're in their 60s or their 70s or they're 50 years old and you see this spark that goes on, they still have that glee. <br><br>And you see that that's what gives them vitality. When you feel that, and everything else disappears, you're in the right place.","In college, I was figuring my life out. I didn't have an exact plan in terms of what I wanted to do. Everybody that acted in the capacity of a guidance counselor to me helped mold me into where I am today. <br><br>For instance, when I was in high school, my guidance counselor told me, Chris, based on what I know about you, I know you love to be in big cities. I know you love to study human behavior and psychology. <br><br>We discussed where I might end up in college, so I chose to go to NYU based on that feedback. And when I got my first job in marketing analytics, it's when I realized that hey, this is really cool, I actually really like this. <br><br>Don't feel like you have to know all the answers right now. The more strict you are in terms of what you think you want to do, plus options you'll have. So think outside the box and keep an open mind.","
The author took a theater class in college and the experience led them to start their own company with their classmates. They didn't know if they would succeed, but they went for it anyway. The author believes that finding confirmation that you're on the right path is important and that seeing the spark in others who have been doing what they love for a long time is a sign of vitality.","
The author did not have a clear plan for their future in college. Guidance counselors helped shape their career path by suggesting they attend NYU based on their interests. The author encourages readers to keep an open mind and not limit themselves when considering career options.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.5,2.0
175,"(226, 229)","(0.553, 0.755]","I ended up getting into plant science with a minor in biology. And I really enjoyed that. I just thrived on that. In the summers, I would come back here and work on our family ranch. <br><br>When I was a senior, I interviewed for a few different jobs and they just weren't quite what I wanted to do. When I made the choice to come here, even though I suspect there was a part of me that all along, I knew that this was what I wanted to do and where I wanted to be, it just hadn't spoken itself to me. <br><br>You need to do what makes you happy because money, in and of itself, does not bring happiness. Doing what you enjoy, being with those you love, being with your family, those are the kind of things that bring lasting happiness.","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","
The protagonist studied plant science with a biology minor and worked on their family ranch during summers. After graduating, they interviewed for several jobs but none of them felt right. Ultimately, they realized that they wanted to be where they are and do what they love, rather than chasing money for happiness.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
176,"(226, 260)","(0.553, 0.755]","I ended up getting into plant science with a minor in biology. And I really enjoyed that. I just thrived on that. In the summers, I would come back here and work on our family ranch. <br><br>When I was a senior, I interviewed for a few different jobs and they just weren't quite what I wanted to do. When I made the choice to come here, even though I suspect there was a part of me that all along, I knew that this was what I wanted to do and where I wanted to be, it just hadn't spoken itself to me. <br><br>You need to do what makes you happy because money, in and of itself, does not bring happiness. Doing what you enjoy, being with those you love, being with your family, those are the kind of things that bring lasting happiness.","I was originally in illustration, and then the department wasn't going where I wanted it to, so I switched over to printmaking, which is when I really got into it. I moved in here, and we had all this space, so I decided at that point that I wanted to have a shop. <br><br>I just got to a point where I felt like I was waiting for something, and I just decided. It's like, ""I'm not really sure what I'm waiting for.'' Time passes so fast, it's like, you're just sitting there thinking about, ""What do I wanna do?'' And it's five years later. <br><br>I'd rather sacrifice comforts and fancy toasters for doing what I want when I want.","
The protagonist studied plant science with a biology minor and worked on their family ranch during summers. After graduating, they interviewed for several jobs but none of them felt right. Ultimately, they realized that they wanted to be where they are and do what they love, rather than chasing money for happiness.","
An artist switched from illustration to printmaking and decided to open a shop. She felt like she was waiting for something and didn't want to waste time anymore. She chose to prioritize doing what she wants over material possessions.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
177,"(226, 271)","(0.519, 0.553]","I ended up getting into plant science with a minor in biology. And I really enjoyed that. I just thrived on that. In the summers, I would come back here and work on our family ranch. <br><br>When I was a senior, I interviewed for a few different jobs and they just weren't quite what I wanted to do. When I made the choice to come here, even though I suspect there was a part of me that all along, I knew that this was what I wanted to do and where I wanted to be, it just hadn't spoken itself to me. <br><br>You need to do what makes you happy because money, in and of itself, does not bring happiness. Doing what you enjoy, being with those you love, being with your family, those are the kind of things that bring lasting happiness.","I got jumped into a gang. And I was either gonna end up pregnant or in jail or dead or I was gonna be able to change my life. So my sister one day, she begged me and begged me. She goes, ""Come to this photography class that they're having for the summer.'' <br><br>So I started with the photography class. I was so happy with what I was doing that I didn't have time to be miserable on the street or miserable drinking or miserable going in a downward spiral. I had purpose. <br><br>They made me feel like me being there was very significant, that if I wasn't here, it was gonna be different. I struggle to this day, and this is why I push school to kids. I said, ""Do what you gotta do so that when you're ready to do what you wanna do, you're able to.''","
The protagonist studied plant science with a biology minor and worked on their family ranch during summers. After graduating, they interviewed for several jobs but none of them felt right. Ultimately, they realized that they wanted to be where they are and do what they love, rather than chasing money for happiness.","
A young woman was faced with a bleak future of jail, death, or pregnancy until her sister convinced her to attend a photography class. The class gave her a sense of purpose and kept her away from negative influences. She now encourages others to focus on education so that they can pursue their passions later in life.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,3.0
178,"(227, 229)","(0.553, 0.755]","I grew up in Taipei, Taiwan and came to the states when I was 13. Highschool was very interesting, I've struggled in math and science. Contrary to popular opinion, I was not one of those kids, that did well in any of that. And I found my langauge was an art. <br><br>Art was one thing that I stuck to and although I didn't know what I wanted to do, I knew it was going to be some form of art. And I would incorporate it one way or the other. So just having that passion helped drive me to my goal. <br><br>Do what you love and the rest will come. Believe in yourself and know that there's no such thing as failure because every mistake is an opportunity to learn. Every journey is made along the way because you're meant to go through it. <br><br>And there's so many things that I've gone through that I've looked at and thought I would not be the person I am today had I not gone through that. Whether it be torrential or not, the triumphs and the failures all mean something along the way.","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","The author grew up in Taipei and struggled in math and science in high school, but found their passion in art. They knew they wanted to pursue art in some form and believed in themselves, knowing that every mistake is an opportunity to learn. The author believes that every triumph and failure they experienced helped shape who they are today.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.0
179,"(228, 256)","(0.553, 0.755]","I thought I wanted to be an intellectual property lawyer because I knew I wanted to do something with technology. But I also had this fear that I was gonna get into a line of work that I was gonna hate. So I really had to take a step back as I was studying to go to law school, and just really determine what I wanted to do with my life. So I just really evaluated really two things. What am I passionate about, and then what are my natural skill sets? What am I good at? <br><br>And I was realizing , I love a lot of things. I love technology, I love philanthropy. I love sports because I just love working in a team environment, so how can I maybe incorporate those three things? <br><br>And then when I met my co-founder, who was my roommate at the time, he was basically saying, why don't we disrupt the e-waste industry by getting companies to donate their technology instead of recycling it, and helping others gain access to that technology so we could share our passion. <br><br>Once we were talking about that, I knew exactly, that's what I needed to be doing. It's really weird, because all of that confusion and fear went away immediately, evaporated. That's kinda how human-I-T came to be. <br><br>If you're tenacious, determined, and you get people to help you out, there's nothing that you guys can't do, for sure.","I'm the CEO of StoryFit. We're an AI technology company that helps studios and publishers make decisions over how they tell their stories and what kind of stories they're acquiring. <br><br>I decided in fourth grade, when a local television news reporter came and talked to the class, that I wanted to be in news. I pursued journalism in school and did lots of internships, and worked for television stations and newspapers and all sorts. I was really a journalist at heart. <br><br>My first job out of school was in television news. I produced for ABC News network and Good Morning America, and was there for almost a decade. <br><br>I took a straight jump from television news into tech, because of course there's a lot in technology that's the same thing. You're telling stories across websites. You're building platforms, and the platforms that I always worked with were content-based. <br><br>You just keep moving forward and finding what you enjoy and you'll get to something great. The goal isn't to get to something great, but just keep doing things that are great along the way and it's all gonna work out.","
The narrator wanted to work with technology but was unsure about becoming an intellectual property lawyer. They evaluated their passions and natural skill sets and realized they loved technology, philanthropy, and working in a team environment. When they met their co-founder, they decided to disrupt the e-waste industry by getting companies to donate technology instead of recycling it, leading to the creation of their company, human-I-T. The narrator believes that with determination and help from others, anything is possible.","
The CEO of StoryFit is an AI technology company helping studios and publishers to make decisions regarding their stories. Despite wanting to be a journalist from a young age, the CEO pursued a career in television news and worked for ABC News network and Good Morning America before transitioning to tech. The CEO believes that by doing things that are great along the way, one can eventually reach something great.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,3.0,2.0
180,"(228, 310)","(0.553, 0.755]","I thought I wanted to be an intellectual property lawyer because I knew I wanted to do something with technology. But I also had this fear that I was gonna get into a line of work that I was gonna hate. So I really had to take a step back as I was studying to go to law school, and just really determine what I wanted to do with my life. So I just really evaluated really two things. What am I passionate about, and then what are my natural skill sets? What am I good at? <br><br>And I was realizing , I love a lot of things. I love technology, I love philanthropy. I love sports because I just love working in a team environment, so how can I maybe incorporate those three things? <br><br>And then when I met my co-founder, who was my roommate at the time, he was basically saying, why don't we disrupt the e-waste industry by getting companies to donate their technology instead of recycling it, and helping others gain access to that technology so we could share our passion. <br><br>Once we were talking about that, I knew exactly, that's what I needed to be doing. It's really weird, because all of that confusion and fear went away immediately, evaporated. That's kinda how human-I-T came to be. <br><br>If you're tenacious, determined, and you get people to help you out, there's nothing that you guys can't do, for sure.","I went to college and I majored in chemistry. That was what I liked, and I liked it there, too. But I just couldn't see myself going on the way I'd been. I just didn't fit. <br><br>I had to figure out, okay, now what? If I think I like the biological approach, and I think maybe I'm interested in its application to people, maybe I should go to medical school. <br><br>Sometimes you gotta try a lot of things out before you land on one. These days, people will tell you, the average person has five careers. I didn't know that when I was starting out. I thought you had exactly one, and if you messed up in picking it the first time, you were in deep trouble.","
The narrator wanted to work with technology but was unsure about becoming an intellectual property lawyer. They evaluated their passions and natural skill sets and realized they loved technology, philanthropy, and working in a team environment. When they met their co-founder, they decided to disrupt the e-waste industry by getting companies to donate technology instead of recycling it, leading to the creation of their company, human-I-T. The narrator believes that with determination and help from others, anything is possible.","
The narrator went to college and majored in chemistry, but realized it wasn't for them. They decided to explore the biological approach and considered going to medical school. The narrator learned that it's okay to try different things before finding the right career path, and that it's common for people to have multiple careers.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,3.0
181,"(229, 233)","(0.553, 0.755]","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","I grew up loving the water. I think in high school, I started paddling and kayaking, and really started to wanna be in the ocean a lot. And I went to college, and I got really into Hawaiian culture and learning about who I am, where I come from. <br><br>And through that process I got introduced to the voyaging canoes. Pretty much ever since that first time I got in the canoe I've been totally hooked. And it's like I've never really left the canoe. <br><br>One of the biggest things that I've learned is the balance. There's a balance out there and life becomes a lot simpler. Humans, we seek that stuff out and it's because it's where we find the better part of ourselves is there. <br><br>You don't just learn everything in one school, be very open-minded. Really just learn as much as you can and then internalize that and formulate who you're gonna be.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.","
The author grew up loving the water and became interested in paddling and kayaking in high school. In college, they became interested in Hawaiian culture and were introduced to voyaging canoes, which they became hooked on. Through their experiences, they learned about balance and the importance of being open-minded and constantly learning.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,2.0
182,"(229, 234)","(0.553, 0.755]","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","I grew up in Nanjing, China. When I was a baby I lost my right leg in a fire. Shortly after that I was abandoned on the street. I was found at a year and a half old and taken to the local government orphanage. Fortunately for me, I was adopted when I was seven years old and came here to the states. <br><br>When I was 14 years old, I received a running prosthetic. The day that I ran, I remember it being one of the most traumatizing days of my whole life. That was the first time that I was gonna have to be out. I was gonna have to show people that this is who I am, that I couldn't hide, that I was an amputee. <br><br>I got out there and I started running and I realized I love to do this. This is so liberating. This is so freeing, because I am out and this is who I am. <br><br>I don't think you ever get one moment, have one experience and you totally accept everything about who you are. That's a life long journey. But the start of that is finding something that allows you to be you.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.","
A woman from Nanjing, China lost her right leg in a fire when she was a baby and was abandoned on the street. She was found and taken to an orphanage where she was later adopted at the age of seven and moved to the United States. At fourteen, she received a running prosthetic which allowed her to run and feel liberated, accepting who she is, which she believes is a life long journey.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,1.0,2.5,3.0
183,"(229, 238)","(0.553, 0.755]","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","From my time in high school, I knew intimately what it felt like to be left out and not have a voice. And I said, you know what? My life now on is to make people feel included, to make people feel like they had a voice. <br><br>I am currently the global inclusion program manager for our diverse engagement team, and I am hired to make sure people have a sense of belonging. It's so fun because in this space and this work it's all about behavior change, and that takes some time. <br><br>But when you see people's behavior changed because of something they didn't know, that they now know, that transformed their life. That's the only thing I need at night, that makes me super happy. <br><br>So be open to opportunities, and know that your mind may change. What won't change is inherently what's inside you. Or what you feel like you were destined here to do.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.","
The author's high school experiences of feeling left out inspired them to make people feel included and heard. They are now the global inclusion program manager for a diverse engagement team, working to create a sense of belonging for everyone. Seeing people's behavior change and transform their lives brings them happiness and fulfillment in their work.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
184,"(229, 239)","(0.553, 0.755]","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","I heard about an opportunity in Tanzania to volunteer and work with an organization that was really trying to make an impact with people who are living with HIV. I was offered a position to run the organization that I volunteered at. A really pivotal moment for me was when I came back, I had my first daughter. At six weeks, I brought her back to Africa, and was on the road, and trying to figure how to navigate through childcare. <br><br>One of my colleagues said it was very irresponsible of me to get pregnant. And that was, to this injustice, fire in me. But I packed up my family from Africa and moved. I guess there was the question of why the US. I just figured the US has childcare figured out. So I just had no idea how broken the system was here, until I started pulling on the thread. <br><br>And the piece that I really honed in on was, there's a really magical experience with that, the in-home family. It became really clear that if I wanted my kid to experience the change that I was gonna create, I had to start immediately. And so that is the injustice that I'm really trying to correct. <br><br>I buzz when I'm with people and teams who are trying to solve big problems. Every morning I wake up thinking about the problem and wanna jump out of bed and get started solving it.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.","A woman found an opportunity to volunteer and work with an organization in Tanzania that helps people with HIV. She was offered a position to run the organization but faced criticism when she brought her newborn daughter back to Africa. She then moved back to the US and realized the broken childcare system, inspiring her to focus on creating change in the in-home family experience.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,2.5,3.0
185,"(229, 307)","(0.519, 0.553]","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","In college, I was figuring my life out. I didn't have an exact plan in terms of what I wanted to do. Everybody that acted in the capacity of a guidance counselor to me helped mold me into where I am today. <br><br>For instance, when I was in high school, my guidance counselor told me, Chris, based on what I know about you, I know you love to be in big cities. I know you love to study human behavior and psychology. <br><br>We discussed where I might end up in college, so I chose to go to NYU based on that feedback. And when I got my first job in marketing analytics, it's when I realized that hey, this is really cool, I actually really like this. <br><br>Don't feel like you have to know all the answers right now. The more strict you are in terms of what you think you want to do, plus options you'll have. So think outside the box and keep an open mind.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.","
The author did not have a clear plan for their future in college. Guidance counselors helped shape their career path by suggesting they attend NYU based on their interests. The author encourages readers to keep an open mind and not limit themselves when considering career options.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.0
186,"(229, 312)","(0.553, 0.755]","Losing my family very young was kind of a life changing experience. I've been working in the film industry for a number of years and so to kind of channel that energy and that angst I was feeling, I wanted to open a school, a cinema and a retail space. <br><br>Lisa Marr is a teacher and we fell in love. On the opening day she was walking down the street and I said we're opening a film center and she's like, really? And she came in and she started volunteering and we had this platonic relationship that evolved into a romantic relationship. It was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life. <br><br>I had just started making films. I had been in a band for many years and did some photography and painting and there was this space right in my own neighborhood that was opening and encouraging people to come in and exchange ideas and watch films together and make their own movies. <br><br>The education, in the last 10 years we've taught a couple of thousand kids for free. So for the ten year anniversary, we decided let's take everything we do on the road. Again, for us, filmmaking is about storytelling. It's not about the technology, it's not about expensive equipment, it's about an idea and some energy.","If you told me, yeah I'm gonna move to New Orleans, and take over an abandoned iron factory, and start a design studio and travel around and write about cities, who plans for that? Things just happen. I didn't know what graphic design was as a discipline until much later, probably halfway through college. <br><br>I think I wasted a lot of time expecting there to be some sort of white light moment where, oh the sky is parted and now I'm inspired and I'm gonna work for two weeks straight and get this thing done. It's so easy to be like, well I'm not inspired today, I'll go do something else. But you have got to put the work in. You've still got to structure yourself. <br><br>I spent so much of my 20s being like, when is the magic gonna strike or something like that. Time is short, and there's gonna be no magic moment where you're like, now is the time to do it. Like that's just not gonna happen. No one's gonna come to the rescue and say all right, that dream you have, we're gonna start now. I spent a lot of time waiting for that to happen, it doesn't happen.","After losing his family at a young age, a man decided to open a film center, school, and retail space to channel his energy and emotions. He fell in love with a teacher who volunteered on opening day, and they developed a romantic relationship. They have now taught thousands of kids for free and are taking their filmmaking and storytelling education on the road.","The author reflects on their journey towards starting a design studio in New Orleans and realizing the importance of putting work in and structuring oneself. They admit to wasting time waiting for a magical moment of inspiration that never came, and emphasize the need to take action and pursue dreams without relying on outside forces.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
187,"(23, 102)","(0.553, 0.755]","A very significant day in my life in the last few months was my wedding day in June. We had been engaged for almost 9 months, and I had been stressfully planning for the last 9 months. <br><br>The day before the wedding started off stressful. We had an issue at the rehearsal dinner with our Officiant complaining and not being very supportive of all of the changing circumstances. He made me so mad because he was making the day all about him and how it wasn't easy for him, but it's our big day! I finally snapped, then went outside with my maid of honor to calm down. He finally apologized, then we went home to rest before the big day! <br><br>The day of the wedding I woke up early because I couldn't sleep from excitement! I went to breakfast and met my bridesmaids and mother there. I could barely eat, but managed to have a biscuit and some eggs. We then went to the salon and it took almost four hours to get all of our hair and makeup done. We had a delicious Thai lunch, which was perfect, because that's some of my favorite food. <br><br>We then got ready and headed over the venue. It was so crazy hot, so I was standing in front of the fan and putting my feet in ice water to try to stay cool! We got our photos done, behind schedule, but finally it was time to head inside for the ceremony. People started arriving, but right at the time the ceremony was supposed to start, we had a huge thunderstorm! My husband had to run around getting everyone to help bring chairs inside. <br><br>Luckily, the weather cleared shortly and we were able to get everything set up again and the ceremony started. It was beautiful, with a rainbow overhead and the bright sun coming out. Overall, it was a very special day and I'm so happy to be married now!","I have been dating Michael for over two years now. I am 100% sure he is the one. I really could not be happier with him. We have talked about our future and I know he wants to get married. So, I've just been waiting for when he's going to propose. I find myself getting impatient with it but in the end it doesn't matter! <br><br>We recently went to a football game together and I got it in my head that he would propose there. It didn't happen. We had a good time though. I found myself disappointed and irritable because of something I thought was going to happen. <br><br>I wish I could get rid of being impatient and just enjoy myself. He is what I want, regardless of a title. The game and my disappoint made me realize how I was thinking. I kept looking for little clues. And it wasn't fair to him to expect something.","The author got married in June after nine months of planning, which was stressful at times. The day before the wedding, there was an issue with the Officiant who complained about the changing circumstances, but eventually apologized. On the day of the wedding, the author woke up early, had breakfast with their bridesmaids and mother, had their hair and makeup done, and had a Thai lunch before getting ready for the ceremony. There was a thunderstorm that briefly delayed the ceremony, but it eventually proceeded and was beautiful.","
The narrator has been dating Michael for two years and is sure he is the one. She is waiting for him to propose but becomes impatient after a football game where she thought he would propose. She realizes that she needs to stop looking for clues and just enjoy their relationship, regardless of a title.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.5
188,"(23, 180)","(0.553, 0.755]","A very significant day in my life in the last few months was my wedding day in June. We had been engaged for almost 9 months, and I had been stressfully planning for the last 9 months. <br><br>The day before the wedding started off stressful. We had an issue at the rehearsal dinner with our Officiant complaining and not being very supportive of all of the changing circumstances. He made me so mad because he was making the day all about him and how it wasn't easy for him, but it's our big day! I finally snapped, then went outside with my maid of honor to calm down. He finally apologized, then we went home to rest before the big day! <br><br>The day of the wedding I woke up early because I couldn't sleep from excitement! I went to breakfast and met my bridesmaids and mother there. I could barely eat, but managed to have a biscuit and some eggs. We then went to the salon and it took almost four hours to get all of our hair and makeup done. We had a delicious Thai lunch, which was perfect, because that's some of my favorite food. <br><br>We then got ready and headed over the venue. It was so crazy hot, so I was standing in front of the fan and putting my feet in ice water to try to stay cool! We got our photos done, behind schedule, but finally it was time to head inside for the ceremony. People started arriving, but right at the time the ceremony was supposed to start, we had a huge thunderstorm! My husband had to run around getting everyone to help bring chairs inside. <br><br>Luckily, the weather cleared shortly and we were able to get everything set up again and the ceremony started. It was beautiful, with a rainbow overhead and the bright sun coming out. Overall, it was a very special day and I'm so happy to be married now!","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","The author got married in June after nine months of planning, which was stressful at times. The day before the wedding, there was an issue with the Officiant who complained about the changing circumstances, but eventually apologized. On the day of the wedding, the author woke up early, had breakfast with their bridesmaids and mother, had their hair and makeup done, and had a Thai lunch before getting ready for the ceremony. There was a thunderstorm that briefly delayed the ceremony, but it eventually proceeded and was beautiful.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,3.0,2.0
189,"(230, 266)","(0.451, 0.465]","The two qualities I aspire to are hustle and humility. Hustle for me captures just being totally shameless and persistent and getting someone or something to yes. In the early days that just meant cold calling and cold calling and cold calling reporters until one of them finally did a story about our site and the foundations until one of them finally called me back and made an angel grant to our organization. <br><br>As for humility, I think as an organization we're humble about the work we do. The very premise of our organization is that teachers on the front lines know their kids better than anybody else in the system. So if we can tap into their front line expertise, we'll unleash better targeted, smarter, more innovative micro solutions than what anybody would come up with from on high. <br><br>Humility is going to help you be successful as well as make you a nicer person. The hustle is what will get you ahead and the humility is what will have people rooting for you to get ahead.","I remember being 18, trying to figure out what degree to study. And I still remember it, on the lower right-hand side of the Detroit Free Press, on the front page, they listed the highest starting salaries. Chemical engineer was at the top. So I said, I guess I'll do that. I decided to find a job using my degree. When I got to apply the skills I learned at school, I actually enjoyed it. I realized that I like this, and I figured out how to apply my skills. <br><br>I went back to graduate school, and then ended up getting a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan for one of Herman Miller Suppliers. 13 years later, I'm still here. And it's amazing to be part of an organization that tries to live up to its values every day. We don't always succeed. But by and large, every day I come in, and my team's job is to ask the question, have I made the best choice possible and look for innovative ways to make the world a better place? <br><br>I think that's so important, finding a company where you feel comfortable and they share this common set of values. If you land in a good company, the opportunities will open up. I've never been focused on the next promotion. It's all about getting immersed in my work and doing the best job that I can. And generally, good things have worked out from there.","
The author believes that having hustle and humility are important qualities to aspire to. Hustle means being shameless and persistent in getting to a yes, while humility is being aware of one's limitations and valuing the expertise of others. The combination of these qualities can lead to success and likability.","
The narrator chose to study chemical engineering based on the highest starting salary listed in the newspaper. After finding a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan, he realized he enjoyed using the skills he learned in school and went back to graduate school. He values working for a company that shares his values and focuses on making the world a better place, and believes that opportunities will come from doing his best work rather than focusing on promotions.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,1.5
190,"(231, 289)","(0.553, 0.755]","Well, I was always that kid in school that helped the teacher set up connecting to the projector and that kind of stuff. My brother was always tinkering with computers and then tearing them apart and building his own. And I would get his scraps, I would get his old computer. And so it really started with him being a role model and bringing this kinda stuff into my life. <br><br>And then from there, I just always knew I wanted to be in computers because there's not many people that know a lot about computers. At first when I went into college, I went in as a computer engineer. And I found out very quickly that I did not like it. And then, I switched over to information assurance and have not looked back at all. <br><br>Confidence is key, definitely. Keep your confidence. You've gotta believe in yourself, gotta keep it together. Sometimes, you fall apart, sometimes that happens. And it's okay because you gotta show people who you are and what you want and stand up for yourself. <br><br>Get out there, get the experience, do the competitions, go to the conferences, listen to other people's experiences, and by all means, never give up. Don't let anybody tell you that you can't ever.","Bret and I were always interested in breaking things. We would go to pay phones and cut the wire, then go back later and clip it back and get all the change that it saved up and do stuff like that. I think that's probably what really motivated me to go into how can I make this a career? I switched my major five times. After that I got into some physical security and did some physical stuff for a while. And then got into federal and state and local and then convinced them to let me do some testing. And that's where all the professional hacker stuff started coming into play. <br><br>And with that experience it opened up doorways to other things. So eventually I got on at Solutionary and went and got Bret on and we're still doing the same thing we did when we were 13 years old, but doing it without the risk of getting arrested. I said it was always a hobby, but it was also my dream job, but at the time I wasn't really sure how to make that switch, because I didn't necessarily go to college specifically for that. I didn't get a degree in computer science. I actually got a degree in graphic design. <br><br>And once I got to a certain level, a friend let me know that where he worked at Solutionary was hiring and it just kind of went from there. So one day I was a web and graphic designer and project manager and then the next day I was a security consultant.","
The story is about a person who became interested in computers through their brother's influence. They initially went to college for computer engineering but did not enjoy it and switched to information assurance. The person advises others to have confidence in themselves, gain experience, and never give up.","
The narrator and his friend Bret enjoyed breaking things from a young age, which led to his interest in pursuing a career in hacking. He switched his major multiple times before getting into physical security and eventually federal, state, and local testing, which opened up opportunities for professional hacking. He eventually landed a job at Solutionary, where he transitioned from being a web and graphic designer to a security consultant.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.5,2.0,2.5
191,"(233, 271)","(0.553, 0.755]","I grew up loving the water. I think in high school, I started paddling and kayaking, and really started to wanna be in the ocean a lot. And I went to college, and I got really into Hawaiian culture and learning about who I am, where I come from. <br><br>And through that process I got introduced to the voyaging canoes. Pretty much ever since that first time I got in the canoe I've been totally hooked. And it's like I've never really left the canoe. <br><br>One of the biggest things that I've learned is the balance. There's a balance out there and life becomes a lot simpler. Humans, we seek that stuff out and it's because it's where we find the better part of ourselves is there. <br><br>You don't just learn everything in one school, be very open-minded. Really just learn as much as you can and then internalize that and formulate who you're gonna be.","I got jumped into a gang. And I was either gonna end up pregnant or in jail or dead or I was gonna be able to change my life. So my sister one day, she begged me and begged me. She goes, ""Come to this photography class that they're having for the summer.'' <br><br>So I started with the photography class. I was so happy with what I was doing that I didn't have time to be miserable on the street or miserable drinking or miserable going in a downward spiral. I had purpose. <br><br>They made me feel like me being there was very significant, that if I wasn't here, it was gonna be different. I struggle to this day, and this is why I push school to kids. I said, ""Do what you gotta do so that when you're ready to do what you wanna do, you're able to.''","
The author grew up loving the water and became interested in paddling and kayaking in high school. In college, they became interested in Hawaiian culture and were introduced to voyaging canoes, which they became hooked on. Through their experiences, they learned about balance and the importance of being open-minded and constantly learning.","
A young woman was faced with a bleak future of jail, death, or pregnancy until her sister convinced her to attend a photography class. The class gave her a sense of purpose and kept her away from negative influences. She now encourages others to focus on education so that they can pursue their passions later in life.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.5
192,"(233, 291)","(0.553, 0.755]","I grew up loving the water. I think in high school, I started paddling and kayaking, and really started to wanna be in the ocean a lot. And I went to college, and I got really into Hawaiian culture and learning about who I am, where I come from. <br><br>And through that process I got introduced to the voyaging canoes. Pretty much ever since that first time I got in the canoe I've been totally hooked. And it's like I've never really left the canoe. <br><br>One of the biggest things that I've learned is the balance. There's a balance out there and life becomes a lot simpler. Humans, we seek that stuff out and it's because it's where we find the better part of ourselves is there. <br><br>You don't just learn everything in one school, be very open-minded. Really just learn as much as you can and then internalize that and formulate who you're gonna be.","I just completed an associates degree at Hawaii Community College last year. It took me ten years because I did it part time. And that was way after I finished my PhD in biology. <br><br>The tendency is to make it look like there is a golden path, and it's your job to find it. That's not true. I found my true identity incrementally. With all of my Japanese knowledge, I had left a chunk of me behind in my journey. So I had this big task of having to integrate myself so that I can function as one whole person. <br><br>You have to go through a bit of a soul searching thing. That's why doing something like Hawaiian studies aligns you a little bit, recognizing who you are, where you come from.","
The author grew up loving the water and became interested in paddling and kayaking in high school. In college, they became interested in Hawaiian culture and were introduced to voyaging canoes, which they became hooked on. Through their experiences, they learned about balance and the importance of being open-minded and constantly learning.","
The speaker completed an associate's degree at Hawaii Community College after ten years of part-time study, following the completion of their PhD in biology. They found their true identity incrementally and had to integrate different parts of themselves. They suggest that doing something like Hawaiian studies can align you with who you are and where you come from.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.5,3.0
193,"(236, 249)","(0.553, 0.755]","I love my college. But I was in a small town and I knew I wanted to come to New York. But moving to New York City was scary. In college, it was so confusing. Even though I wanted to write from the time I was little, I was so confused. I looked into being a flight attendant. When I think, that just wasn't something that probably would have been right for me. <br><br>One great thing to think about in your twenties, as I look back at it, is that things work themselves out. Forget the legal pad and the list of strengths, weaknesses. <br><br>""What have I done in the past I like? What do I see, envision as my future?'' I'm not saying that doesn't work, but that somewhat you gotta plunge in.","I actually had no idea that tech was a thing. I was in my third year studying chemistry and biology. And I had a friend that graduated, and he taught himself how to code. And we were hanging out, and I was just watching him type away at his computer. And I was like, I used to write code when I was eight years old. And had I known that software was a career that was an obtainable thing for me to do, I would have hands down done it much earlier. <br><br>But I think also even when I was in school, the idea of computer science classes just seemed really intimidating. From a distance, it looks so complex. But then if you actually learn how to code, it's like, every line is actually very simple. <br><br>Pretty much I just sunk my teeth in and was like, I gotta just do it until I make it happen. And so from then on, as a professional software engineer, you're building stuff everyday. And they ask me, what do you want to work on? I'm like, I wanna work on something I haven't done before. I don't know how to do it immediately, but I know how to figure it out.","
The author loved college but wanted to move to New York City to pursue writing. They were confused about their career path and considered being a flight attendant. The author reflects on the importance of taking risks and following your passions in your twenties.","
The narrator was a third-year student studying chemistry and biology who discovered coding through a friend who taught himself. They realized that software engineering was an achievable career and wished they had pursued it earlier. Although computer science classes seemed intimidating at first, they found that coding was straightforward and enjoyed the challenge of working on new projects.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.5,3.5
194,"(236, 269)","(0.553, 0.755]","I love my college. But I was in a small town and I knew I wanted to come to New York. But moving to New York City was scary. In college, it was so confusing. Even though I wanted to write from the time I was little, I was so confused. I looked into being a flight attendant. When I think, that just wasn't something that probably would have been right for me. <br><br>One great thing to think about in your twenties, as I look back at it, is that things work themselves out. Forget the legal pad and the list of strengths, weaknesses. <br><br>""What have I done in the past I like? What do I see, envision as my future?'' I'm not saying that doesn't work, but that somewhat you gotta plunge in.","I wanted to do chemistry because I liked it, and I also thought I was going to go to medical school, so that was a constant. I had actually taken the MCATs, which are the entrance to medical school, so I was really going in that direction. <br><br>In my senior year, I decided that was not for me. The reason I came to Sandia and to New Mexico is to work on an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. <br><br>It's very exciting to think of a way of solving a big problem. When you can see that side of any kind of profession, it's incredibly fulfilling. To be successful you really have to love what you're doing. <br><br>You can put up with the little stuff that always will get in the way. Really be able to say, ""I love my job.''","
The author loved college but wanted to move to New York City to pursue writing. They were confused about their career path and considered being a flight attendant. The author reflects on the importance of taking risks and following your passions in your twenties.","
The narrator initially wanted to pursue a career in medicine but decided to switch to chemistry after taking the MCATs. They are now working on a project involving an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. The narrator finds it fulfilling to work on a project that solves a big problem and believes that loving your job is crucial for success.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.0
195,"(237, 246)","(0.553, 0.755]","Based off of probability, I shouldn't be where I am today. Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, I was in this kind of homogenous community that was infested with crime, poverty, and drugs. I applied for the Bill Gates scholarship, and I received that scholarship. If I didn't receive that scholarship, I may have not been where I am today. <br><br>In college, I was majoring in finance and the easiest thing I knew to do was go to work in New York at a finance bank. I realized, wow, the glam of this and the prestige that I was going after is not exactly what I wanted. And then I had a friend who said they were interning at Google. They painted this picture. And I'm like this sounds like Disneyland compared to what I'm doing. <br><br>So when I came to Google, I felt more comfortable here. And it aligned more to my values. My entire job is trying to increase the number of diverse owned businesses that Google is working with to drive economic impact. So if I can do my part in trying to generate more opportunities, more access to opportunities, then that is my way of thinking about it, making sure that I'm doing right, and not forgetting the voice of people who aren't at the table.","I'm a professor at Harvard Business School and Harvard Law School. I teach finance at the business school. And I teach taxation and tax policy at the law school. I've been on the faculty for about 19 years. So the really fun thing about teaching is it's a way to learn things. So when I teach something is when I understand the deeper. And so I just have really come to love it and I think as I've gotten older, I value it even more and more. Teaching has become a bigger and bigger part of my life. <br><br>I can't say there was like some grand design. There certainly wasn't. I'm not one of those people who saw my future with precision and was simply going down a path with clarity. That's just not the way I was. And in fact when I was doing my PhD was the worst. Because I had gone to business school. People I graduated with from business school are out there in the world making money and I was not. Like I was studying economics. And so that was when I questioned myself the most. <br><br>And I kind of really thought, what the heck am I doing? Take the time in your 20s to invest in yourself. That can be formal education, that can just be experiences, that can be exposures. You're more likely to under-invest in your experiences than over-invest.","
Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, the narrator was surrounded by crime, poverty, and drugs. However, they applied for and received the Bill Gates scholarship, which changed their life. They initially pursued finance in New York but eventually found their calling at Google, where they work to increase the number of diverse-owned businesses that the company works with to drive economic impact.","
The story is about a professor who teaches finance at Harvard Business School and taxation and tax policy at Harvard Law School. Teaching has become a bigger part of his life and he values it more as he gets older. He did not have a grand design for his career and questioned himself the most during his PhD, but he advises investing in oneself in their 20s through formal education, experiences, and exposures.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.0,3.0
196,"(237, 273)","(0.553, 0.755]","Based off of probability, I shouldn't be where I am today. Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, I was in this kind of homogenous community that was infested with crime, poverty, and drugs. I applied for the Bill Gates scholarship, and I received that scholarship. If I didn't receive that scholarship, I may have not been where I am today. <br><br>In college, I was majoring in finance and the easiest thing I knew to do was go to work in New York at a finance bank. I realized, wow, the glam of this and the prestige that I was going after is not exactly what I wanted. And then I had a friend who said they were interning at Google. They painted this picture. And I'm like this sounds like Disneyland compared to what I'm doing. <br><br>So when I came to Google, I felt more comfortable here. And it aligned more to my values. My entire job is trying to increase the number of diverse owned businesses that Google is working with to drive economic impact. So if I can do my part in trying to generate more opportunities, more access to opportunities, then that is my way of thinking about it, making sure that I'm doing right, and not forgetting the voice of people who aren't at the table.","I look back to when I was 30 and I think, ""Wow I really didn't know anything then.'' <br><br>And then I look back to when I was 25 and I say, ""I really didn't know much then.'' <br><br>And I realize that all I've been doing up to this point is learning. <br><br>And I think that the goal for anyone starting out is not to focus on exactly what the job is, exactly where you want to go, but doing something that you really like. <br><br>It really will work out.","
Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, the narrator was surrounded by crime, poverty, and drugs. However, they applied for and received the Bill Gates scholarship, which changed their life. They initially pursued finance in New York but eventually found their calling at Google, where they work to increase the number of diverse-owned businesses that the company works with to drive economic impact.","
The writer reflects on their past and realizes that they have been constantly learning. They believe that the goal for anyone starting out is to do something they enjoy, rather than focusing on specific job or career goals. They believe that doing something you like will ultimately lead to success.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,3.0,2.0
197,"(237, 280)","(0.553, 0.755]","Based off of probability, I shouldn't be where I am today. Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, I was in this kind of homogenous community that was infested with crime, poverty, and drugs. I applied for the Bill Gates scholarship, and I received that scholarship. If I didn't receive that scholarship, I may have not been where I am today. <br><br>In college, I was majoring in finance and the easiest thing I knew to do was go to work in New York at a finance bank. I realized, wow, the glam of this and the prestige that I was going after is not exactly what I wanted. And then I had a friend who said they were interning at Google. They painted this picture. And I'm like this sounds like Disneyland compared to what I'm doing. <br><br>So when I came to Google, I felt more comfortable here. And it aligned more to my values. My entire job is trying to increase the number of diverse owned businesses that Google is working with to drive economic impact. So if I can do my part in trying to generate more opportunities, more access to opportunities, then that is my way of thinking about it, making sure that I'm doing right, and not forgetting the voice of people who aren't at the table.","I'm from Little Rock, Arkansas, born and raised. Little Rock in the 90s was on the top five crime lists and murder rate lists in the country. It was a bad time for that city. I never felt like I belonged there. I just felt like this isn't right. <br><br>I decided to change my life. And I didn't really know all the ways how yet, but I knew not being in Little Rock needed to be a part of it. Little Rock is too small , but I was nervous that I might not be ready to go to New York, or LA. So a mid size city. Looking for a low crime rate, and trend in technology upward. And Seattle was that place. <br><br>I do think that one of the most powerful things in the world is understanding what you want, and just trying to figure out how to focus on that. Just today, not forever, not in ten years, because you'll be different in five years. You just are how you are now. And knowing what you want right now is the thing that should drive what you're doing. <br><br>I've been able to do that, and I've been very successful and it's not because I'm special. It's just because I focused on what I wanted.","
Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, the narrator was surrounded by crime, poverty, and drugs. However, they applied for and received the Bill Gates scholarship, which changed their life. They initially pursued finance in New York but eventually found their calling at Google, where they work to increase the number of diverse-owned businesses that the company works with to drive economic impact.","
The narrator grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas, a city with high crime and murder rates. Feeling like they didn't belong there, they decided to change their life and move to a mid-sized city with low crime and a trend in technology upward. They believe that understanding what you want and focusing on it is the key to success.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,4.0,4.0,3.5
198,"(237, 304)","(0.553, 0.755]","Based off of probability, I shouldn't be where I am today. Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, I was in this kind of homogenous community that was infested with crime, poverty, and drugs. I applied for the Bill Gates scholarship, and I received that scholarship. If I didn't receive that scholarship, I may have not been where I am today. <br><br>In college, I was majoring in finance and the easiest thing I knew to do was go to work in New York at a finance bank. I realized, wow, the glam of this and the prestige that I was going after is not exactly what I wanted. And then I had a friend who said they were interning at Google. They painted this picture. And I'm like this sounds like Disneyland compared to what I'm doing. <br><br>So when I came to Google, I felt more comfortable here. And it aligned more to my values. My entire job is trying to increase the number of diverse owned businesses that Google is working with to drive economic impact. So if I can do my part in trying to generate more opportunities, more access to opportunities, then that is my way of thinking about it, making sure that I'm doing right, and not forgetting the voice of people who aren't at the table.","My wife and I call ourselves, laughingly, fixers, so it's our job to go in and help institutions and organizations that are flailing or floundering. Because my wife, myself, we come from a generation where we were told Indians are good with their hands, they're not meant for college. So just get a high school education and go to work. <br><br>What drove me truly was, I wanted to help my people and I went to Community College, transferred to Black Hills State College, graduated from there in 1985. <br><br>And immediately after law school, I came home to the reservation and there were no jobs in the Legal Profession. But the college had a directors position in institutional development and they hired me. <br><br>And lo and behold they hired me as the acting president in 1991. So that's become the passion now is to help our children and our grandchildren succeed and to again, instill with them a higher passion than just a job from eight to five.","
Growing up on the Arizona-Mexico border, the narrator was surrounded by crime, poverty, and drugs. However, they applied for and received the Bill Gates scholarship, which changed their life. They initially pursued finance in New York but eventually found their calling at Google, where they work to increase the number of diverse-owned businesses that the company works with to drive economic impact.","
The speaker and his wife call themselves ""fixers"" and help struggling institutions and organizations. They come from a generation where Indians were encouraged to get a high school education and go to work. The speaker's passion is to help his people succeed and instill in them a higher passion than just a job from eight to five.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,3.5
199,"(239, 279)","(0.553, 0.755]","I heard about an opportunity in Tanzania to volunteer and work with an organization that was really trying to make an impact with people who are living with HIV. I was offered a position to run the organization that I volunteered at. A really pivotal moment for me was when I came back, I had my first daughter. At six weeks, I brought her back to Africa, and was on the road, and trying to figure how to navigate through childcare. <br><br>One of my colleagues said it was very irresponsible of me to get pregnant. And that was, to this injustice, fire in me. But I packed up my family from Africa and moved. I guess there was the question of why the US. I just figured the US has childcare figured out. So I just had no idea how broken the system was here, until I started pulling on the thread. <br><br>And the piece that I really honed in on was, there's a really magical experience with that, the in-home family. It became really clear that if I wanted my kid to experience the change that I was gonna create, I had to start immediately. And so that is the injustice that I'm really trying to correct. <br><br>I buzz when I'm with people and teams who are trying to solve big problems. Every morning I wake up thinking about the problem and wanna jump out of bed and get started solving it.","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","A woman found an opportunity to volunteer and work with an organization in Tanzania that helps people with HIV. She was offered a position to run the organization but faced criticism when she brought her newborn daughter back to Africa. She then moved back to the US and realized the broken childcare system, inspiring her to focus on creating change in the in-home family experience.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,1.5,2.0,3.0
200,"(24, 44)","(0.553, 0.755]","Recently my oldest son graduated High School. It was an amazing day and I couldn't have been more proud of him and his accomplishments. It was especially emotional for me because he didn't have a typical start in life. I was 19 when I had him and I was a single parent so it was sometimes a struggle. I wanted him to always know I loved him and to fight for everything in life no matter what your circumstances are. <br><br>The whole day was full of love, laughter, family, stories, pictures, and great food. My son stood tall and proud on the stage as he received his diploma and when he saw us in the crowd he smiled just for us. We had a party afterwards and tons of his friends came to see him and give him gifts. He also had a lot of family in town for the party including people from out of state that hadn't seen him since he was a baby. <br><br>The only bittersweet thing about the whole day was that his biological father didn't come to see him. That was a tough pill to swallow, but my son made it. And for that I'm always going to be proud. He has his diploma now and can move on to college. He is grown up and I have done my job to get him out into the world. I will miss his teenage years (somewhat), but I am proud of him.","Just this past Wednesday on August the 21st I performed my Grandfathers funeral. He was 91 and an inspiration to me. I am actually his name sake and named after him. It was a great honer to do his eulogy and cover the wonderful accomplishments of such a great man that I have looked up to my entire life. All of my family were in attendance, which was a great thing as most of us haven't seen one another in many years. My grandfather always cared about family and made family the point and purpose of his life. Unfortunately, it required his passing to remind us of the that value. He fathered six children and had 9 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren and they were all in attendance to honor his home going! <br><br>Just two years before, in the same month I did my father's funeral and everyone was in attendance there as well. I mention this because at my grandfather's funeral the place was packed, save one empty chair. It was a touching thought that there was one chair left in honor of my father. I mentioned this in the eulogy and hoped that all in the family who know that there is a chair in our home and at the table for every one of them! <br><br>During the funeral I preached a message as well on the lives that are lived as an anchor for others. My Grandfather was most certainly an anchor for all of us as well as grandpa and grandmas house was an anchor for our souls when traveling into town. I also expressed how our faith anchors us in the decisions that we make in life. That many time we can drift too far off course and that life has a way of blowing from our course through storms. Although the winds of life are experienced by everyone, we do not have to allow them to shipwreck us or our faith. Through faith and trust we hold on and are anchored to the rock! <br><br>This was the way that my grandpa lived and that is the way that I hope to live my life as well. In all it was a bitter sweet event for me and there were tears of sadness and of joy. I am glad that my family trusted me to minister to all in this trying time. I was very humbled and honored to do it.","
A single mother's son graduates from high school, making her emotional and proud. Despite their struggles, she always wanted to show her love and encourage him to fight for everything in life. The day was full of love, laughter, and family, but the absence of his biological father was bittersweet.","The author performed their grandfather's funeral, who was an inspiration and had a strong focus on family. The funeral had a full attendance except for one chair left in honor of the author's father who had passed two years prior. The author preached a message about how faith can anchor us in life's storms, inspired by their grandfather's way of living.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,3.0,3.0
201,"(240, 300)","(0.498, 0.519]","I went through uni and I was fairly driven and I wanted to achieve some things. It wasn't until I went tree-planting and we would spend up to two months living as this kind of tribe. I went to some absolutely incredible natural places, and you'd be out there all by yourself all day long planting trees. <br><br>My whole value set just sort of changed. I went from being, I want to be successful, to I wanted to be compassionate about the environment and about social issues. And my whole life just changed direction.","I've had multiple experiences, and all of them have been very significant in my evolution. I originally majored in geology because I liked rocks. Then they threw physics at me, and I decided that this was not for me. But I clearly didn't know what I was doing. I jumped from job to job trying to figure out. Seven months at a time, trying to figure out what I wanted to do. <br><br>It took years later when I discovered community education, and I really felt the passion. I don't think the search ever ends. And I don't think one ever finds oneself. It's a constant journey. It's a constant search. <br><br>I see more and more the pressure of making decisions about life. That somehow, if you don't decide where you go and how to get there, there's failure up ahead. I think that when I allowed myself the enjoyment of the journey and was not fearful that it would leave me to a dead end, it was fun.","
The person went to university with a drive to achieve certain goals. However, their values shifted after spending time tree-planting and living as a tribe in natural places. They became more focused on being compassionate towards the environment and social issues, leading to a change in their life direction.","
The author initially studied geology but realized it wasn't for them after encountering physics. They spent years trying out different jobs until discovering their passion for community education. The author believes that the search for oneself is a constant journey and that it's important to enjoy the journey rather than fear failure.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.5
202,"(241, 265)","(0.519, 0.553]","I work at Fossil. I'm an IT solution manager working in the e-commerce division. Typically a day in e-commerce for me, I manage a team that we're currently rolling out global websites for. But I didn't know growing up what is it that I wanted to do. <br><br>I took a leap of faith, and in 2000 I started a company called BTV Corporation where I was doing consulting work for about eight years. It was a little bit risky, but I think the way to advance, you're going to have to take risk. But you want it to be a calculated risk. You want to make sure that you're making smart decisions and not impulse decisions. <br><br>So, would my life be different had I not started my own company or even came to Fossil? I'm sure it would be. I don't know what that would be, but I would say, in the end, I am happy with where that journey took me and I appreciate all those that's been around me to support me through that effort.","It's hard to become a veterinarian. It's competitive. It's eight years of school, and it's expensive. I had to take on a ton of school loans to be able to get through it. That first year of undergrad, it just seemed like I don't know what I wanna do, but this just seems so uphill and I'm looking at a lot of debt if I go through with this. Even in the best case scenario, I'm gonna take on loans and scholarships. <br><br>You pause all the time and you kinda revisit it. What are the things that really make me happy? And ultimately, it was that I want to work with animals. Maybe someday I'm gonna work with an animal that could be going extinct, or is gonna be endangered. Or I'm gonna be working in a place where, if we're not doing something, things are gonna change, and the world's not gonna be as good. <br><br>And I think what I learned about choosing to come to work here is that, you're going to be the happiest at the place that kind of best aligns with who you think you are and what you really want to be. And I found that drive towards animals was the most aligned with my heart than anywhere else I had worked or wanted to work.","The narrator works as an IT solution manager in the e-commerce division at Fossil. They manage a team that is rolling out global websites. Before working at Fossil, the narrator started their own company called BTV Corporation, which was risky but ultimately led them to a happy place in life.","
The process of becoming a veterinarian is tough, competitive, and expensive. The narrator initially questioned whether they were cut out for it due to the debt they would incur. However, they ultimately realized that working with animals and potentially helping endangered species aligned with their values and brought them the most happiness.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.5,3.0
203,"(241, 295)","(0.553, 0.755]","I work at Fossil. I'm an IT solution manager working in the e-commerce division. Typically a day in e-commerce for me, I manage a team that we're currently rolling out global websites for. But I didn't know growing up what is it that I wanted to do. <br><br>I took a leap of faith, and in 2000 I started a company called BTV Corporation where I was doing consulting work for about eight years. It was a little bit risky, but I think the way to advance, you're going to have to take risk. But you want it to be a calculated risk. You want to make sure that you're making smart decisions and not impulse decisions. <br><br>So, would my life be different had I not started my own company or even came to Fossil? I'm sure it would be. I don't know what that would be, but I would say, in the end, I am happy with where that journey took me and I appreciate all those that's been around me to support me through that effort.","I was born and raised in Hong Kong. After I graduated from high school, I moved to California for college and I went to UC Davis. My parents advised me, you have three choices with your career, you can either be a doctor, or a lawyer, or an engineer. And thank God I chose engineer, because I fell in love with it. <br><br>I didn't think about going to an insurance industry. I had specific companies in mind that I wanted to work for related to chemical engineering. But then, when I stumbled upon FM Global, I was immediately hooked that I get to work with different risk managers and different facilities. So I thought that was the best opportunity that I could give myself to open my horizon a little bit. <br><br>So what I am doing now is heading up the cyber unit here in FM Global to make sure that we have the adequate engineering products and services so that we can offer our clients the best risk management solutions for cyber. <br><br>So we have been burning things up in a lab. We do explosions , we do shake tables for an earthquake , we fill rooms with water to test our flood barriers. But it's really time now to come up with a tool to help our clients to mitigate cyber risk as well. So I'm really excited to be part of that innovation team just to start up something new.","The narrator works as an IT solution manager in the e-commerce division at Fossil. They manage a team that is rolling out global websites. Before working at Fossil, the narrator started their own company called BTV Corporation, which was risky but ultimately led them to a happy place in life.","
The narrator was born and raised in Hong Kong, but moved to California for college where they studied engineering. They didn't plan on working in the insurance industry, but after discovering FM Global, they fell in love with the opportunity to work with different risk managers and facilities. They now head up the cyber unit at FM Global and are excited to be part of the innovation team developing new tools to mitigate cyber risk.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
204,"(242, 284)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to the local community college, and just enrolled kind of with no plan. When I first got into it, I thought, political science, that's what I'm doing. But it didn't speak to me as my life calling, so I thought, nutrition. I love human biology and health related topics. Nutrition's where it's at. No. I changed a little there and the classes I enjoyed the most were my art classes. <br><br>And I got the opportunity to work with computers. It combined my art skills with some skills I had in computers and technologies that I didn't really know I had. Got an opportunity to work here at Mindbody, which also brought in my technical skills and my love for exercise and fitness. <br><br>So don't let yourself be border complacent for too long. Obviously, there are gonna be times in your life where you have to put your head down and just plough forward, but let that be an ebb and flow. Challenge yourself, continue to learn, that's gonna open doors for you.","My uncle was a civil engineer and a land surveyor. I started working with him to make money in the summertime. Then I realized I kinda wanted to do engineering, but I first went to college at Saint Peter's College in Jersey City, and they didn't offer engineering at that school. <br><br>My cousin started at ODU the year before. We visited some friends of mine, and we liked the area. I figured, if I wanna do engineering , I wanna go here and check this school out. I read up on it. It was a good school. And that's how I ended up in that program. <br><br>You got four years, or five years, or six years, no matter how long you're in school. You kinda panic about what am I gonna do next? <br><br>Really, you can do anything next. People are learning more about their jobs and their careers by working their jobs and careers. You can really go anywhere and start working, as long as you are smart and you wanna work.","
The narrator enrolled in a community college without a plan and initially pursued political science before switching to nutrition. However, they discovered their passion for art and found a job at Mindbody that combined their creativity with their technical skills and love for fitness. The narrator encourages others to challenge themselves, continue learning, and not become complacent.","The narrator's uncle was a civil engineer and land surveyor, and the narrator worked with him to make money in the summertime. The narrator wanted to pursue engineering, but their college did not offer it, so they decided to attend Old Dominion University after visiting the area and researching the school. The narrator encourages people to not panic about what to do after college and to focus on working and learning about their jobs and careers.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,2.5,2.5
205,"(242, 297)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to the local community college, and just enrolled kind of with no plan. When I first got into it, I thought, political science, that's what I'm doing. But it didn't speak to me as my life calling, so I thought, nutrition. I love human biology and health related topics. Nutrition's where it's at. No. I changed a little there and the classes I enjoyed the most were my art classes. <br><br>And I got the opportunity to work with computers. It combined my art skills with some skills I had in computers and technologies that I didn't really know I had. Got an opportunity to work here at Mindbody, which also brought in my technical skills and my love for exercise and fitness. <br><br>So don't let yourself be border complacent for too long. Obviously, there are gonna be times in your life where you have to put your head down and just plough forward, but let that be an ebb and flow. Challenge yourself, continue to learn, that's gonna open doors for you.","I had these two worlds where I was in science and then I was also interested in just science fiction. I couldn't quite reconcile the two, I still almost get a little strange feeling in my stomach like knots. Those couple years after college I felt stalled. I wasn't sure what I wanted to do. <br><br>And I don't want to go back and relive those two years. But I got through it. I do think it's important to have clear goals in mind. You can always change your goal. You don't have to suffer if something isn't working out and quitting something once in a while is okay. <br><br>Because there may be something around the corner that's waiting for you and you'll miss it otherwise. And have faith that you will be able to express yourself successfully within those goals.","
The narrator enrolled in a community college without a plan and initially pursued political science before switching to nutrition. However, they discovered their passion for art and found a job at Mindbody that combined their creativity with their technical skills and love for fitness. The narrator encourages others to challenge themselves, continue learning, and not become complacent.","
The author struggled to reconcile their interests in science and science fiction, feeling stalled after college. Despite feeling knots in their stomach, they eventually got through it and learned the importance of having clear goals and being willing to change them. They encourage having faith in oneself and not being afraid to quit something that isn't working out in order to find something better.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
206,"(242, 299)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to the local community college, and just enrolled kind of with no plan. When I first got into it, I thought, political science, that's what I'm doing. But it didn't speak to me as my life calling, so I thought, nutrition. I love human biology and health related topics. Nutrition's where it's at. No. I changed a little there and the classes I enjoyed the most were my art classes. <br><br>And I got the opportunity to work with computers. It combined my art skills with some skills I had in computers and technologies that I didn't really know I had. Got an opportunity to work here at Mindbody, which also brought in my technical skills and my love for exercise and fitness. <br><br>So don't let yourself be border complacent for too long. Obviously, there are gonna be times in your life where you have to put your head down and just plough forward, but let that be an ebb and flow. Challenge yourself, continue to learn, that's gonna open doors for you.","I got my commercial fishing license because we had no other way to make money. I ended up living on Nantucket for four more years and building a business. <br><br>Two or three years into Nantucket Nectars, my parents were like, ""You're starting a juice company? Are you kidding me? What do you mean you're starting a juice company? Who starts a juice company?'' <br><br>No one could have ever predicted my path.","
The narrator enrolled in a community college without a plan and initially pursued political science before switching to nutrition. However, they discovered their passion for art and found a job at Mindbody that combined their creativity with their technical skills and love for fitness. The narrator encourages others to challenge themselves, continue learning, and not become complacent.","
The author got a commercial fishing license to make money and ended up building a business on Nantucket. Despite doubts from their parents, the author started a juice company, which became successful. The author's journey was unpredictable.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.5
207,"(242, 307)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to the local community college, and just enrolled kind of with no plan. When I first got into it, I thought, political science, that's what I'm doing. But it didn't speak to me as my life calling, so I thought, nutrition. I love human biology and health related topics. Nutrition's where it's at. No. I changed a little there and the classes I enjoyed the most were my art classes. <br><br>And I got the opportunity to work with computers. It combined my art skills with some skills I had in computers and technologies that I didn't really know I had. Got an opportunity to work here at Mindbody, which also brought in my technical skills and my love for exercise and fitness. <br><br>So don't let yourself be border complacent for too long. Obviously, there are gonna be times in your life where you have to put your head down and just plough forward, but let that be an ebb and flow. Challenge yourself, continue to learn, that's gonna open doors for you.","In college, I was figuring my life out. I didn't have an exact plan in terms of what I wanted to do. Everybody that acted in the capacity of a guidance counselor to me helped mold me into where I am today. <br><br>For instance, when I was in high school, my guidance counselor told me, Chris, based on what I know about you, I know you love to be in big cities. I know you love to study human behavior and psychology. <br><br>We discussed where I might end up in college, so I chose to go to NYU based on that feedback. And when I got my first job in marketing analytics, it's when I realized that hey, this is really cool, I actually really like this. <br><br>Don't feel like you have to know all the answers right now. The more strict you are in terms of what you think you want to do, plus options you'll have. So think outside the box and keep an open mind.","
The narrator enrolled in a community college without a plan and initially pursued political science before switching to nutrition. However, they discovered their passion for art and found a job at Mindbody that combined their creativity with their technical skills and love for fitness. The narrator encourages others to challenge themselves, continue learning, and not become complacent.","
The author did not have a clear plan for their future in college. Guidance counselors helped shape their career path by suggesting they attend NYU based on their interests. The author encourages readers to keep an open mind and not limit themselves when considering career options.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
208,"(243, 245)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to school, because I loved coding and I wanted to develop a coding career. I reached out to a band I liked and said, hey, long shot, but could I make you guys a website? To my surprise, they emailed back ten minutes later. They're like yeah, actually, we'd really love for you to make us a website. How about two t-shirts and a CD in trade for it and I thought that was a great bargain. So I made them a website. <br><br>I did my first or my second website for two t-shirts and a CD. So technically, not a fair market trade. But at the time, the value proposition for me was way higher. You've gotta choose your shots. You will definitely do things in the course of your career that will be undervalued and the trick is to choose the right ones, and to not do it too much. <br><br>Throughout your career and in particular in those formative stages, you've got to go the extra mile. You've gotta work really hard. There's just no shortcut to it. Every now and then, one in a million gets lucky and everybody else who's ever achieved some great level of success has worked incredibly hard to get there.","I started doing theater in high school, and I fell in love it, and then I got done with high school, and I was like I don't know what else to do. I just enjoy theater, so I'm gonna keep doing theater. I went up to the University of Minnesota Duluth and continued schooling up there. I got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. <br><br>After school, I ended up on tour with South Pacific for a while, and then they ended up needing an audio engineer for the national tour of Blue Man Group. So I ended up moving over to that show once South Pacific closed, and really fell in love with it. <br><br>And then this position here in Vegas opened up. So I'm the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas. And that includes supervising a team of other audio professionals and then running the show pretty often. <br><br>There's rarely a day that I'll leave this building and be like, man, that was a rough day. Usually I leave and I'm really happy. And it's cool that I'm a part of creating something and hopefully inspiring people that come in to our show and putting a smile on somebody's face.",The author went to school to pursue a coding career and reached out to a band to offer to make them a website. The band agreed and offered two t-shirts and a CD in trade for the website. The author reflects on the importance of choosing the right opportunities to work hard and go the extra mile in order to achieve success.,"
The story is about a person who fell in love with theater in high school and pursued it after graduating. They got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. The person ended up as the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, supervising a team of other audio professionals and running the show.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
209,"(243, 253)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to school, because I loved coding and I wanted to develop a coding career. I reached out to a band I liked and said, hey, long shot, but could I make you guys a website? To my surprise, they emailed back ten minutes later. They're like yeah, actually, we'd really love for you to make us a website. How about two t-shirts and a CD in trade for it and I thought that was a great bargain. So I made them a website. <br><br>I did my first or my second website for two t-shirts and a CD. So technically, not a fair market trade. But at the time, the value proposition for me was way higher. You've gotta choose your shots. You will definitely do things in the course of your career that will be undervalued and the trick is to choose the right ones, and to not do it too much. <br><br>Throughout your career and in particular in those formative stages, you've got to go the extra mile. You've gotta work really hard. There's just no shortcut to it. Every now and then, one in a million gets lucky and everybody else who's ever achieved some great level of success has worked incredibly hard to get there.","I went to college and got a degree in economics. Went to grad school, the first time, and got a masters in public administration and worked for eight years in corporate America as an account executive but I was terribly unhappy. <br><br>About what? What was it? I think I was born a performer and a poet, but I was not doing what I knew I should be doing. <br><br>There's a great weight that's placed on your shoulders, it's almost like Atlas, you feel like you're carrying that world on your shoulders. <br><br>It's just some great weight that's there when you are not actually doing what it is you should be doing. <br><br>Even if you do it, as a hobby, even if you do it on the side. There's some form of satisfaction, that's not met by not committing to it.",The author went to school to pursue a coding career and reached out to a band to offer to make them a website. The band agreed and offered two t-shirts and a CD in trade for the website. The author reflects on the importance of choosing the right opportunities to work hard and go the extra mile in order to achieve success.,"
The author got a degree in economics and a masters in public administration, working as an account executive for eight years before realizing they were unhappy. They believe they were born a performer and poet but were not doing what they knew they should be doing, feeling a great weight on their shoulders. They believe there is a satisfaction not met by not committing to their passions, even if done as a hobby.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
210,"(243, 289)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to school, because I loved coding and I wanted to develop a coding career. I reached out to a band I liked and said, hey, long shot, but could I make you guys a website? To my surprise, they emailed back ten minutes later. They're like yeah, actually, we'd really love for you to make us a website. How about two t-shirts and a CD in trade for it and I thought that was a great bargain. So I made them a website. <br><br>I did my first or my second website for two t-shirts and a CD. So technically, not a fair market trade. But at the time, the value proposition for me was way higher. You've gotta choose your shots. You will definitely do things in the course of your career that will be undervalued and the trick is to choose the right ones, and to not do it too much. <br><br>Throughout your career and in particular in those formative stages, you've got to go the extra mile. You've gotta work really hard. There's just no shortcut to it. Every now and then, one in a million gets lucky and everybody else who's ever achieved some great level of success has worked incredibly hard to get there.","Bret and I were always interested in breaking things. We would go to pay phones and cut the wire, then go back later and clip it back and get all the change that it saved up and do stuff like that. I think that's probably what really motivated me to go into how can I make this a career? I switched my major five times. After that I got into some physical security and did some physical stuff for a while. And then got into federal and state and local and then convinced them to let me do some testing. And that's where all the professional hacker stuff started coming into play. <br><br>And with that experience it opened up doorways to other things. So eventually I got on at Solutionary and went and got Bret on and we're still doing the same thing we did when we were 13 years old, but doing it without the risk of getting arrested. I said it was always a hobby, but it was also my dream job, but at the time I wasn't really sure how to make that switch, because I didn't necessarily go to college specifically for that. I didn't get a degree in computer science. I actually got a degree in graphic design. <br><br>And once I got to a certain level, a friend let me know that where he worked at Solutionary was hiring and it just kind of went from there. So one day I was a web and graphic designer and project manager and then the next day I was a security consultant.",The author went to school to pursue a coding career and reached out to a band to offer to make them a website. The band agreed and offered two t-shirts and a CD in trade for the website. The author reflects on the importance of choosing the right opportunities to work hard and go the extra mile in order to achieve success.,"
The narrator and his friend Bret enjoyed breaking things from a young age, which led to his interest in pursuing a career in hacking. He switched his major multiple times before getting into physical security and eventually federal, state, and local testing, which opened up opportunities for professional hacking. He eventually landed a job at Solutionary, where he transitioned from being a web and graphic designer to a security consultant.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,2.5,3.5,2.0
211,"(244, 297)","(0.553, 0.755]","In first grade when they asked me what I wanted to do, I said I want to study the stars. So, it's lucky that it worked out. Most of the times people say, I wanna be a football player, whatever, movie star, it doesn't work out. In my case it worked out, but I was lucky that way. Astronomy, before I went to college, was something I really thought I could do. <br><br>But I just doubt myself a lot. It's inevitable. When you're trying to push yourself, there are always moments when you think, maybe this is too hard , maybe I can not do it. But my answer to that is that, if you don't feel that way, it means you're not pushing yourself enough. If you never go out of your comfort zone, then you're not really trying very hard. It's part of learning and part of growing up , is figuring out things that you didn't know you could do, and then you do them. <br><br>Sometimes you fail. Sometimes you succeed. First of all, in research most of what you do, fails miserably, because you're trying to do something that nobody knows how to do. So you have to really like failure. Embrace failure. Accept that failure is gonna be part of the process.","I had these two worlds where I was in science and then I was also interested in just science fiction. I couldn't quite reconcile the two, I still almost get a little strange feeling in my stomach like knots. Those couple years after college I felt stalled. I wasn't sure what I wanted to do. <br><br>And I don't want to go back and relive those two years. But I got through it. I do think it's important to have clear goals in mind. You can always change your goal. You don't have to suffer if something isn't working out and quitting something once in a while is okay. <br><br>Because there may be something around the corner that's waiting for you and you'll miss it otherwise. And have faith that you will be able to express yourself successfully within those goals.","
The author wanted to study the stars since first grade and was lucky to make it a career. Doubting oneself is inevitable while pushing oneself out of the comfort zone. Failure is a part of the process in research and it's essential to embrace it.","
The author struggled to reconcile their interests in science and science fiction, feeling stalled after college. Despite feeling knots in their stomach, they eventually got through it and learned the importance of having clear goals and being willing to change them. They encourage having faith in oneself and not being afraid to quit something that isn't working out in order to find something better.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,2.5,3.0
212,"(245, 261)","(0.553, 0.755]","I started doing theater in high school, and I fell in love it, and then I got done with high school, and I was like I don't know what else to do. I just enjoy theater, so I'm gonna keep doing theater. I went up to the University of Minnesota Duluth and continued schooling up there. I got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. <br><br>After school, I ended up on tour with South Pacific for a while, and then they ended up needing an audio engineer for the national tour of Blue Man Group. So I ended up moving over to that show once South Pacific closed, and really fell in love with it. <br><br>And then this position here in Vegas opened up. So I'm the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas. And that includes supervising a team of other audio professionals and then running the show pretty often. <br><br>There's rarely a day that I'll leave this building and be like, man, that was a rough day. Usually I leave and I'm really happy. And it's cool that I'm a part of creating something and hopefully inspiring people that come in to our show and putting a smile on somebody's face.","I work for Veracity Insurance. We insure a lot of outdoor recreation companies. That can be from the actual operations side, to the people who are manufacturing the equipment for all those. For me it was a job, but then it fell into being a career, because of the love that I have for what I do. And it turned into being a fun passion. <br><br>We did a lot of stuff in the outdoors with my family. To today, a lot of our activities as a family still evolve around being outside. I enjoy coming to work every single day, I enjoy the people I work with. <br><br>But when I'm on vacation and I go see some of these areas where I insure these, I get to actually do some of these activities, too. So there's both sides that are a lot of fun.","
The story is about a person who fell in love with theater in high school and pursued it after graduating. They got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. The person ended up as the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, supervising a team of other audio professionals and running the show.","
The speaker works for Veracity Insurance, which insures outdoor recreation companies from operations to equipment manufacturing. The job turned into a career due to the speaker's love for what they do. The speaker enjoys both their work and outdoor activities with their family, and gets to experience the activities they insure while on vacation.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
213,"(245, 263)","(0.553, 0.755]","I started doing theater in high school, and I fell in love it, and then I got done with high school, and I was like I don't know what else to do. I just enjoy theater, so I'm gonna keep doing theater. I went up to the University of Minnesota Duluth and continued schooling up there. I got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. <br><br>After school, I ended up on tour with South Pacific for a while, and then they ended up needing an audio engineer for the national tour of Blue Man Group. So I ended up moving over to that show once South Pacific closed, and really fell in love with it. <br><br>And then this position here in Vegas opened up. So I'm the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas. And that includes supervising a team of other audio professionals and then running the show pretty often. <br><br>There's rarely a day that I'll leave this building and be like, man, that was a rough day. Usually I leave and I'm really happy. And it's cool that I'm a part of creating something and hopefully inspiring people that come in to our show and putting a smile on somebody's face.","I'm a casting director. I say that I am a writer, producer, actor, sometimes casting director, even though that's my day job. But the thing about the film industry is everything is a game. <br><br>When I moved back to Atlanta, I was gonna be an actor again. No longer gonna be a casting director , and then I got offered Magic Mike Two at the time as it was known. But when I came to Savannah to rebook local Savannah actors, I couldn't cast a single person. <br><br>It became so clear at that point that somebody's gotta come in and teach these people exactly what I said in the article. You need classes, you need to learn. <br><br>And I've spent the better part of a year and a half serving my community, and being of service to other people, and mentoring people, and teaching. But it's now time for me to do my own thing. <br><br>A lot of things in my life have kind of changed. I felt more confident in my work, I felt more confident in who I was as a person. And I started becoming a little more outspoken about things, which was not appreciated by some people that you work with, but the higher ups appreciated it.","
The story is about a person who fell in love with theater in high school and pursued it after graduating. They got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. The person ended up as the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, supervising a team of other audio professionals and running the show.","
The narrator is a casting director who also works as a writer, producer and actor. They were offered a job for Magic Mike Two but struggled to find local actors in Savannah. They have since spent time teaching and mentoring actors in their community but are now ready to focus on their own projects.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,2.0
214,"(245, 265)","(0.553, 0.755]","I started doing theater in high school, and I fell in love it, and then I got done with high school, and I was like I don't know what else to do. I just enjoy theater, so I'm gonna keep doing theater. I went up to the University of Minnesota Duluth and continued schooling up there. I got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. <br><br>After school, I ended up on tour with South Pacific for a while, and then they ended up needing an audio engineer for the national tour of Blue Man Group. So I ended up moving over to that show once South Pacific closed, and really fell in love with it. <br><br>And then this position here in Vegas opened up. So I'm the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas. And that includes supervising a team of other audio professionals and then running the show pretty often. <br><br>There's rarely a day that I'll leave this building and be like, man, that was a rough day. Usually I leave and I'm really happy. And it's cool that I'm a part of creating something and hopefully inspiring people that come in to our show and putting a smile on somebody's face.","It's hard to become a veterinarian. It's competitive. It's eight years of school, and it's expensive. I had to take on a ton of school loans to be able to get through it. That first year of undergrad, it just seemed like I don't know what I wanna do, but this just seems so uphill and I'm looking at a lot of debt if I go through with this. Even in the best case scenario, I'm gonna take on loans and scholarships. <br><br>You pause all the time and you kinda revisit it. What are the things that really make me happy? And ultimately, it was that I want to work with animals. Maybe someday I'm gonna work with an animal that could be going extinct, or is gonna be endangered. Or I'm gonna be working in a place where, if we're not doing something, things are gonna change, and the world's not gonna be as good. <br><br>And I think what I learned about choosing to come to work here is that, you're going to be the happiest at the place that kind of best aligns with who you think you are and what you really want to be. And I found that drive towards animals was the most aligned with my heart than anywhere else I had worked or wanted to work.","
The story is about a person who fell in love with theater in high school and pursued it after graduating. They got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. The person ended up as the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, supervising a team of other audio professionals and running the show.","
The process of becoming a veterinarian is tough, competitive, and expensive. The narrator initially questioned whether they were cut out for it due to the debt they would incur. However, they ultimately realized that working with animals and potentially helping endangered species aligned with their values and brought them the most happiness.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.5,2.0
215,"(245, 269)","(0.553, 0.755]","I started doing theater in high school, and I fell in love it, and then I got done with high school, and I was like I don't know what else to do. I just enjoy theater, so I'm gonna keep doing theater. I went up to the University of Minnesota Duluth and continued schooling up there. I got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. <br><br>After school, I ended up on tour with South Pacific for a while, and then they ended up needing an audio engineer for the national tour of Blue Man Group. So I ended up moving over to that show once South Pacific closed, and really fell in love with it. <br><br>And then this position here in Vegas opened up. So I'm the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas. And that includes supervising a team of other audio professionals and then running the show pretty often. <br><br>There's rarely a day that I'll leave this building and be like, man, that was a rough day. Usually I leave and I'm really happy. And it's cool that I'm a part of creating something and hopefully inspiring people that come in to our show and putting a smile on somebody's face.","I wanted to do chemistry because I liked it, and I also thought I was going to go to medical school, so that was a constant. I had actually taken the MCATs, which are the entrance to medical school, so I was really going in that direction. <br><br>In my senior year, I decided that was not for me. The reason I came to Sandia and to New Mexico is to work on an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. <br><br>It's very exciting to think of a way of solving a big problem. When you can see that side of any kind of profession, it's incredibly fulfilling. To be successful you really have to love what you're doing. <br><br>You can put up with the little stuff that always will get in the way. Really be able to say, ""I love my job.''","
The story is about a person who fell in love with theater in high school and pursued it after graduating. They got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. The person ended up as the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, supervising a team of other audio professionals and running the show.","
The narrator initially wanted to pursue a career in medicine but decided to switch to chemistry after taking the MCATs. They are now working on a project involving an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. The narrator finds it fulfilling to work on a project that solves a big problem and believes that loving your job is crucial for success.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.0,3.5
216,"(245, 299)","(0.519, 0.553]","I started doing theater in high school, and I fell in love it, and then I got done with high school, and I was like I don't know what else to do. I just enjoy theater, so I'm gonna keep doing theater. I went up to the University of Minnesota Duluth and continued schooling up there. I got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. <br><br>After school, I ended up on tour with South Pacific for a while, and then they ended up needing an audio engineer for the national tour of Blue Man Group. So I ended up moving over to that show once South Pacific closed, and really fell in love with it. <br><br>And then this position here in Vegas opened up. So I'm the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas. And that includes supervising a team of other audio professionals and then running the show pretty often. <br><br>There's rarely a day that I'll leave this building and be like, man, that was a rough day. Usually I leave and I'm really happy. And it's cool that I'm a part of creating something and hopefully inspiring people that come in to our show and putting a smile on somebody's face.","I got my commercial fishing license because we had no other way to make money. I ended up living on Nantucket for four more years and building a business. <br><br>Two or three years into Nantucket Nectars, my parents were like, ""You're starting a juice company? Are you kidding me? What do you mean you're starting a juice company? Who starts a juice company?'' <br><br>No one could have ever predicted my path.","
The story is about a person who fell in love with theater in high school and pursued it after graduating. They got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater with a technical emphasis in lighting and sound. The person ended up as the Head of Audio for Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, supervising a team of other audio professionals and running the show.","
The author got a commercial fishing license to make money and ended up building a business on Nantucket. Despite doubts from their parents, the author started a juice company, which became successful. The author's journey was unpredictable.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
217,"(246, 293)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm a professor at Harvard Business School and Harvard Law School. I teach finance at the business school. And I teach taxation and tax policy at the law school. I've been on the faculty for about 19 years. So the really fun thing about teaching is it's a way to learn things. So when I teach something is when I understand the deeper. And so I just have really come to love it and I think as I've gotten older, I value it even more and more. Teaching has become a bigger and bigger part of my life. <br><br>I can't say there was like some grand design. There certainly wasn't. I'm not one of those people who saw my future with precision and was simply going down a path with clarity. That's just not the way I was. And in fact when I was doing my PhD was the worst. Because I had gone to business school. People I graduated with from business school are out there in the world making money and I was not. Like I was studying economics. And so that was when I questioned myself the most. <br><br>And I kind of really thought, what the heck am I doing? Take the time in your 20s to invest in yourself. That can be formal education, that can just be experiences, that can be exposures. You're more likely to under-invest in your experiences than over-invest.","Growing up with just my dad and my brother, I was obviously very independent and strong-willed. My dad's best friend was a stockbroker, and for some reason, because I was so good with money, I decided that I would be a really good stockbroker. And fortunately, throughout high school, we had work exchange and work experience, and they used to send me off with all sorts of random checks and things to deliver somewhere, and I had no idea where I was going or how to get there. <br><br>And being the little surfy chick that I was, it just made me realize that wasn't the avenue I wanted to go down. Ultimately, to become successful in anything, you have to be relatively selfish. You have to be so one-dimensional. <br><br>I also believe that there's no such thing as a mistake, it's only a learning experience. The only mistake is not learning from it. But even then, you're just gonna be given the opportunity to learn it and learn it and learn it until such time as you do. So I made the same ""mistake'' over and over again until I actually got the lesson.","
The story is about a professor who teaches finance at Harvard Business School and taxation and tax policy at Harvard Law School. Teaching has become a bigger part of his life and he values it more as he gets older. He did not have a grand design for his career and questioned himself the most during his PhD, but he advises investing in oneself in their 20s through formal education, experiences, and exposures.","
The writer grew up with her father and brother and became independent and strong-willed. She thought she would be a good stockbroker but realized it wasn't the avenue she wanted to go down after participating in work exchange programs. She believes that mistakes are just learning experiences and kept making the same mistake until she learned the lesson.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
218,"(247, 256)","(0.498, 0.519]","I head up social innovation for the AT&T foundation. I have the pleasure of running an accelerator program and working with amazing entrepreneurs. The idea is, we take them from good to great. <br><br>I spent the beginning of my career in public broadcasting, so that for me led naturally to public libraries. A thread through both of those was education. Then these AT&T opportunities sort of came out of nowhere. <br><br>I had no idea that the sector existed when I was in school. Corporate social responsibility was not a thing 20 years ago, when I was in college and graduate school. If it was, I probably would have thought that sounds really interesting. I'm into that business to impact. That sounds amazing. <br><br>They say that luck is a combination of opportunity and preparedness, and for me that was definitely the case, in moving into the world I have now. Since I've moved into this world I love it, and I feel honored every day to do it.","I'm the CEO of StoryFit. We're an AI technology company that helps studios and publishers make decisions over how they tell their stories and what kind of stories they're acquiring. <br><br>I decided in fourth grade, when a local television news reporter came and talked to the class, that I wanted to be in news. I pursued journalism in school and did lots of internships, and worked for television stations and newspapers and all sorts. I was really a journalist at heart. <br><br>My first job out of school was in television news. I produced for ABC News network and Good Morning America, and was there for almost a decade. <br><br>I took a straight jump from television news into tech, because of course there's a lot in technology that's the same thing. You're telling stories across websites. You're building platforms, and the platforms that I always worked with were content-based. <br><br>You just keep moving forward and finding what you enjoy and you'll get to something great. The goal isn't to get to something great, but just keep doing things that are great along the way and it's all gonna work out.","The head of social innovation for the AT&T foundation runs an accelerator program for entrepreneurs to take them from good to great. Their background in public broadcasting and education led them to the corporate social responsibility sector, which they find fulfilling. They feel lucky to have found their current job and love it.","
The CEO of StoryFit is an AI technology company helping studios and publishers to make decisions regarding their stories. Despite wanting to be a journalist from a young age, the CEO pursued a career in television news and worked for ABC News network and Good Morning America before transitioning to tech. The CEO believes that by doing things that are great along the way, one can eventually reach something great.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.5
219,"(248, 253)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was thinking, ""Here's what I love, but what I love won't ever make me money, so I'm gonna get an economics degree and just play guitar when I get home I guess.'' It's a risk, for sure. <br><br>I used to think that the friction was a bad thing. Like, the tension that you feel. You wanna cut the tension. Everything's to ease pain in our society, very much like pain is the enemy. <br><br>And I don't think that that's true. I think that the tension's a good thing, that to be pulled tight is almost the only way you can make a proper noise on a guitar or violin. <br><br>So if you feel pulled, that's not a bad thing.","I went to college and got a degree in economics. Went to grad school, the first time, and got a masters in public administration and worked for eight years in corporate America as an account executive but I was terribly unhappy. <br><br>About what? What was it? I think I was born a performer and a poet, but I was not doing what I knew I should be doing. <br><br>There's a great weight that's placed on your shoulders, it's almost like Atlas, you feel like you're carrying that world on your shoulders. <br><br>It's just some great weight that's there when you are not actually doing what it is you should be doing. <br><br>Even if you do it, as a hobby, even if you do it on the side. There's some form of satisfaction, that's not met by not committing to it.","
The author initially pursued economics despite his passion for music, thinking it was the only way to make money. However, he realized that the tension he felt between his love for music and the practicality of economics was actually a good thing, as tension is necessary to create beautiful music. He encourages others to embrace the tension and follow their passions, even if it involves taking risks.","
The author got a degree in economics and a masters in public administration, working as an account executive for eight years before realizing they were unhappy. They believe they were born a performer and poet but were not doing what they knew they should be doing, feeling a great weight on their shoulders. They believe there is a satisfaction not met by not committing to their passions, even if done as a hobby.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.5
220,"(248, 280)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was thinking, ""Here's what I love, but what I love won't ever make me money, so I'm gonna get an economics degree and just play guitar when I get home I guess.'' It's a risk, for sure. <br><br>I used to think that the friction was a bad thing. Like, the tension that you feel. You wanna cut the tension. Everything's to ease pain in our society, very much like pain is the enemy. <br><br>And I don't think that that's true. I think that the tension's a good thing, that to be pulled tight is almost the only way you can make a proper noise on a guitar or violin. <br><br>So if you feel pulled, that's not a bad thing.","I'm from Little Rock, Arkansas, born and raised. Little Rock in the 90s was on the top five crime lists and murder rate lists in the country. It was a bad time for that city. I never felt like I belonged there. I just felt like this isn't right. <br><br>I decided to change my life. And I didn't really know all the ways how yet, but I knew not being in Little Rock needed to be a part of it. Little Rock is too small , but I was nervous that I might not be ready to go to New York, or LA. So a mid size city. Looking for a low crime rate, and trend in technology upward. And Seattle was that place. <br><br>I do think that one of the most powerful things in the world is understanding what you want, and just trying to figure out how to focus on that. Just today, not forever, not in ten years, because you'll be different in five years. You just are how you are now. And knowing what you want right now is the thing that should drive what you're doing. <br><br>I've been able to do that, and I've been very successful and it's not because I'm special. It's just because I focused on what I wanted.","
The author initially pursued economics despite his passion for music, thinking it was the only way to make money. However, he realized that the tension he felt between his love for music and the practicality of economics was actually a good thing, as tension is necessary to create beautiful music. He encourages others to embrace the tension and follow their passions, even if it involves taking risks.","
The narrator grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas, a city with high crime and murder rates. Feeling like they didn't belong there, they decided to change their life and move to a mid-sized city with low crime and a trend in technology upward. They believe that understanding what you want and focusing on it is the key to success.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
221,"(25, 100)","(0.451, 0.465]","So about 3 months ago I broke up with my boyfriend. Again. Well, I didn't break up with him, he broke up with me, but I technically broke up with him the first time. It's complicated. <br><br>Anyway, he had been really mean to me for a while, ever since we started dating--but, well, I'm really soft. When I see someone show emotion, like cry or something, I immediately change my perspective on them. I become a 'protector', or 'fixer', I guess? I wanted to help him get better. He sold me a lot of sob stories about his parents, and I ate it up. So, he became my best friend. I let it happen, because I cared about him a lot at that point, I guess? <br><br>Psychologically, it ruined me. I became depressed and dependent. I used to not care what anyone thought about me, but I became obsessed. <br><br>The event from 3 months ago was mind crushing, though. He told me how he just used me, how I was just ""addicted' to him, called me a bunch of sexist names and how everyone was using me and how I was dependent on others for validation. <br><br>Now, i've never been one to care about what others think about me. I'm extremely independent, I work for my own money (we're college students), and I don't really have parents who are present, technically? But, yeah, he called me dependent and a 'drain' on his wallet, despite the fact I had spent a ton of money on him, too, despite having less. I would pay for his haircuts, his food, whenever he didn't have the money I'd spot him immediately. He never had a job, it was his parent's money and I was working 3 jobs at the peak of our relationship. <br><br>I guess i'm still a little angry about it?","A few weeks ago, I had dinner with two of my close friends from high school, Victoria and Tammy. We get together about four times a year to catch up and see how we are all doing. Tammy's life is always full of drama and crazy events because of her relationship with her boyfriend Anthony. She caught us up about all of their fighting, issues, and his crazy family. As usual I gave her my opnion on her horrible situation and I explained to her why they are so toxic to each other. <br><br>After we were done hanging out, Tammy gave Victoria a ride home. On the way, Tammy made comments to Victoria that she hated my input and that is why she did not tell me anything. Fast forward to a few weeks later, I get a call in the middle of the night. It was Tammy and I let it go to voicemail 3 times before finally answering. <br><br>Anthony got arrested and she needed bail money or the title to my car. In that moment I realized how toxic she is. I began to question so many things about our friendship and her situation. How can someone not want to hear your advice and opnion but still call you for bail money? How does one get into a sitaution where they do not have $500 in their savings? <br><br>I realized that Tammy is not the type of person I want in my life. If someone is not making your life better then it is better to just go seperate ways.","
The author had a complicated on-and-off relationship with her boyfriend who was mean to her. She became his best friend and became depressed and dependent on him. He broke up with her three months ago, called her sexist names, and accused her of being dependent and a drain on his wallet despite her working three jobs and spending a lot of money on him.","
The author had dinner with two friends, Tammy and Victoria, and caught up on their lives. Tammy's relationship with her boyfriend Anthony was full of drama and she didn't appreciate the author's advice on the situation. Later, Tammy called the author in the middle of the night asking for bail money for Anthony, causing the author to reevaluate the toxicity of their friendship and decide to go their separate ways.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,3.0
222,"(25, 149)","(0.553, 0.755]","So about 3 months ago I broke up with my boyfriend. Again. Well, I didn't break up with him, he broke up with me, but I technically broke up with him the first time. It's complicated. <br><br>Anyway, he had been really mean to me for a while, ever since we started dating--but, well, I'm really soft. When I see someone show emotion, like cry or something, I immediately change my perspective on them. I become a 'protector', or 'fixer', I guess? I wanted to help him get better. He sold me a lot of sob stories about his parents, and I ate it up. So, he became my best friend. I let it happen, because I cared about him a lot at that point, I guess? <br><br>Psychologically, it ruined me. I became depressed and dependent. I used to not care what anyone thought about me, but I became obsessed. <br><br>The event from 3 months ago was mind crushing, though. He told me how he just used me, how I was just ""addicted' to him, called me a bunch of sexist names and how everyone was using me and how I was dependent on others for validation. <br><br>Now, i've never been one to care about what others think about me. I'm extremely independent, I work for my own money (we're college students), and I don't really have parents who are present, technically? But, yeah, he called me dependent and a 'drain' on his wallet, despite the fact I had spent a ton of money on him, too, despite having less. I would pay for his haircuts, his food, whenever he didn't have the money I'd spot him immediately. He never had a job, it was his parent's money and I was working 3 jobs at the peak of our relationship. <br><br>I guess i'm still a little angry about it?",Since I was little I've had problems with my anger and these past few years I thought I've been doing pretty good. Then my little brother starts middle school and he becomes the brattiest kid to exist and I share a room with him. <br><br>Years of suppressing my anger and frustration isn't helping and it keeps leaking out every conversation I have with him. Things that don't usually bother me in my daily life have started bothering me and I'm kinda afraid one day I might accidentally let my anger out and I'll be in the same place I was years ago.,"
The author had a complicated on-and-off relationship with her boyfriend who was mean to her. She became his best friend and became depressed and dependent on him. He broke up with her three months ago, called her sexist names, and accused her of being dependent and a drain on his wallet despite her working three jobs and spending a lot of money on him.","
The narrator has struggled with anger issues since childhood but thought they had improved in recent years. However, sharing a room with their bratty younger brother has caused their anger and frustration to resurface, despite years of trying to suppress it. The narrator is worried about accidentally losing control and returning to their previous state of uncontrolled anger.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.5
223,"(25, 169)","(0.553, 0.755]","So about 3 months ago I broke up with my boyfriend. Again. Well, I didn't break up with him, he broke up with me, but I technically broke up with him the first time. It's complicated. <br><br>Anyway, he had been really mean to me for a while, ever since we started dating--but, well, I'm really soft. When I see someone show emotion, like cry or something, I immediately change my perspective on them. I become a 'protector', or 'fixer', I guess? I wanted to help him get better. He sold me a lot of sob stories about his parents, and I ate it up. So, he became my best friend. I let it happen, because I cared about him a lot at that point, I guess? <br><br>Psychologically, it ruined me. I became depressed and dependent. I used to not care what anyone thought about me, but I became obsessed. <br><br>The event from 3 months ago was mind crushing, though. He told me how he just used me, how I was just ""addicted' to him, called me a bunch of sexist names and how everyone was using me and how I was dependent on others for validation. <br><br>Now, i've never been one to care about what others think about me. I'm extremely independent, I work for my own money (we're college students), and I don't really have parents who are present, technically? But, yeah, he called me dependent and a 'drain' on his wallet, despite the fact I had spent a ton of money on him, too, despite having less. I would pay for his haircuts, his food, whenever he didn't have the money I'd spot him immediately. He never had a job, it was his parent's money and I was working 3 jobs at the peak of our relationship. <br><br>I guess i'm still a little angry about it?","About two years ago, I developed a connection with someone I met through Reddit, and we pretty quickly shifted our conversations off of Reddit. We chatted and stuff pretty much every day for several months. <br><br>I made a lot of mistakes that ended up pushing that person away. I know it is what it is, though. There's nothing to be done about it now. <br><br>I've just been in a reflective mood lately, and I got to thinking about how much I enjoyed that connection, because I haven't had anything like that since, and I just miss it.","
The author had a complicated on-and-off relationship with her boyfriend who was mean to her. She became his best friend and became depressed and dependent on him. He broke up with her three months ago, called her sexist names, and accused her of being dependent and a drain on his wallet despite her working three jobs and spending a lot of money on him.","
The author connected with someone on Reddit and they moved their conversations off the platform. They talked every day for several months but the author made mistakes that pushed the person away. The author misses the connection and has been reflecting on it lately.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.0
224,"(250, 285)","(0.519, 0.553]","I grew up in Mexico. I thought I was gonna go back and work in Mexico's government and I did, for a while. I started learning about an obscure field called genomics, which is how genes get stitched together and what they do, and I became a professor. <br><br>One of the weird adventures of the last four years is I got together with a guy who sequenced the human genome and with the guy who won the Nobel for splitting genes. We created a company that thought about programming cells much as you program computer chips. <br><br>In the measure that we've started to this, what we're doing is we're beginning to directly and deliberately engineer evolution to do what we want it to do. We want tomatoes to taste this way, we want cows to give this much milk, we want mosquitoes to inject you with vaccines. <br><br>That is the biggest single change going on out there. It means we're gonna generate entirely new fields of research, entirely new jobs, entirely new industries. <br><br>There are all these incredible adventures going on. You have probably no idea of where you're gonna end up working in ten years because a lot of the fields you're gonna end up working in don't exist yet.","I worked in an office, and every place that I worked at I ended up computerizing. I ended up starting a company in manufacturing. But I always knew that I was meant to do something to help other people. <br><br>And I was in Niger. And there was a little girl that came up to me with flies on her face. And I just felt that that's intolerable. That could have been my granddaughter. How could I not do something? <br><br>I think that I have the opportunity to live what I think should be the American Dream, when what I think should be the American Dream is that we use these resources, we use these talents, to help those that didn't get that.","The narrator grew up in Mexico and initially worked for the government before becoming a professor in genomics. They later founded a company focused on programming cells to engineer evolution and create desired outcomes such as tastier tomatoes and mosquitoes that inject vaccines. This change is leading to new fields of research, jobs, and industries, making it difficult to predict where people will be working in the future.","
The protagonist computerized offices before starting a manufacturing company, but always felt the need to help others. While in Niger, a little girl with flies on her face inspired the protagonist to take action. The protagonist believes that the American Dream should involve using resources and talents to help those in need.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.0
225,"(251, 275)","(0.553, 0.755]","I directed a play that worked very well in Boston, and one day a producer came to me and said, ""Your play is so vicious, so wonderful. We're gonna do, a special with your play.'' So I agreed. <br><br>And they shoot a film, Sixteen, and I was with a crew, and I was fascinated. I trained to direct actors, but I never worked in television or any movie before. <br><br>You have to be honest, about yourself, be honest with others, and be honest about what you want. If you have this spirit of doing what you want to do -- because I think that is the right thing -- you have to do it. ","I thought I was gonna be a professional dancer. I'd come home at 10 PM and I would be really tired physically and mentally, and I just kind of decided, I don't wanna do that any more. I transitioned into creative writing and, probably one of the best decisions I ever made in my life, because ultimately that led me here. <br><br>This was the second job I applied to, out of 43 jobs. I get to make sure that the products that come to me are in a very specific format, that I can make sure it gets all of the approvals from all of the people they need to get approvals from. <br><br>Ultimately I still use my dance skills. One of the main things we learned about was improvisation. I use that all the time. I got to be the most nit-picky grammar nerd ever. They let me talk about hyphens and dashes like nobody's business. <br><br>When it comes down to like, you have to take this path or whatever to be an engineer or an architect or a scientist or a writer or literary agent or an actor or anything like that, I don't see a lot of people who do that.","
A director's successful play catches the attention of a producer who wants to create a special with it. The play is turned into a film called Sixteen and the director is fascinated by the process. The director emphasizes the importance of honesty with oneself and others in pursuing one's goals.","
The narrator initially pursued a career in dancing but eventually decided to transition into creative writing. They landed their current job, which involves ensuring products meet certain criteria and obtaining necessary approvals. Despite the change in career, the narrator still utilizes skills learned in dance, such as improvisation, and enjoys their role as a grammar enthusiast.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.0,1.5,1.5
226,"(252, 294)","(0.519, 0.553]","For 50 years, the Soviet government had created a kind of situation where you weren't allowed to speak back against the government, and if you did, you'd finish up in an insane asylum or you'd never find a really decent job or you'd suffer mightily in some way. I suddenly discovered that you weren't allowed to speak back against a sponsor. And that realization that there was really no democracy on the airwaves gave birth to Adbusters and our website and our campaigns. <br><br>For me, success meant the admiration of others, being able to increase the circulation of Adbusters Magazine to how big a splash I was making in the world. The last few years of my life, I'm measuring success in terms of how happy I am, how fulfilled I feel. <br><br>Be open to any opportunities that present itself.","I wanted to be either a newscaster or a radio personality. I got a job working weekends in New York, so I kept my job in D.C. and I would drive up on the weekends. I would pass by all the exits on the turnpike to my parents' house, my best friend's house. <br><br>But nobody really believed or understood my grind. Instead of going home or going to friends and hanging out and getting hot meals, I slept in my car on the turnpike. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head. Not your parents, your sisters and brothers, not even your best friends. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head! Be fearless.","
The Soviet government's restriction on free speech inspired the founder of Adbusters to create a platform that challenges the lack of democracy in media. Initially, success was measured by external validation, but the founder's definition of success has shifted to personal fulfillment and happiness. The lesson learned is to be open to any opportunities that come your way.","
The author wanted to become a newscaster or a radio personality and got a job in New York while keeping their job in D.C. They would sleep in their car on the turnpike instead of going home or hanging out with friends. The author advises not to let people get in your head and to be fearless.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.5,3.0
227,"(253, 267)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to college and got a degree in economics. Went to grad school, the first time, and got a masters in public administration and worked for eight years in corporate America as an account executive but I was terribly unhappy. <br><br>About what? What was it? I think I was born a performer and a poet, but I was not doing what I knew I should be doing. <br><br>There's a great weight that's placed on your shoulders, it's almost like Atlas, you feel like you're carrying that world on your shoulders. <br><br>It's just some great weight that's there when you are not actually doing what it is you should be doing. <br><br>Even if you do it, as a hobby, even if you do it on the side. There's some form of satisfaction, that's not met by not committing to it.","I run a collective woodshop. We are home to about eight furniture makers who make their living making furniture in the shop here. And we also teach woodworking classes. Most people think I make my living making furniture, but most of my time is spent managing the woodshop. <br><br>My whole family has this ethic of working with their hands and being able to do things for themselves. And that's something that I grew up with and I saw, and it's not something that I had in my jobs. I was finding myself in jobs where I was behind computers, I was on the phone. I thought the work was very important, but at the end of the day, I wasn't very happy with how my time was spent during the day. <br><br>And so I eventually took a year off, moved up to Northern California. Went to the Krenov School. It's a year-long certificate program on furniture making. That's kind of how I got into woodworking. It's something that keeps me feeling like I'm connected to my family and my roots. <br><br>So be introspective, and do some soul-searching and think about what your strengths are, what it is that you love to do, and figure out if there's a way to turn that into your career path.","
The author got a degree in economics and a masters in public administration, working as an account executive for eight years before realizing they were unhappy. They believe they were born a performer and poet but were not doing what they knew they should be doing, feeling a great weight on their shoulders. They believe there is a satisfaction not met by not committing to their passions, even if done as a hobby.","The narrator runs a collective woodshop that is home to eight furniture makers and also teaches woodworking classes. They spend most of their time managing the woodshop rather than making furniture. The narrator got into woodworking after taking a year off and attending a furniture making program, and advises others to be introspective and turn their passions into a career path.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.5
228,"(253, 272)","(0.519, 0.553]","I went to college and got a degree in economics. Went to grad school, the first time, and got a masters in public administration and worked for eight years in corporate America as an account executive but I was terribly unhappy. <br><br>About what? What was it? I think I was born a performer and a poet, but I was not doing what I knew I should be doing. <br><br>There's a great weight that's placed on your shoulders, it's almost like Atlas, you feel like you're carrying that world on your shoulders. <br><br>It's just some great weight that's there when you are not actually doing what it is you should be doing. <br><br>Even if you do it, as a hobby, even if you do it on the side. There's some form of satisfaction, that's not met by not committing to it.","As a singer-songwriter I wrote about a lot of stuff that other people didn't write about. I wrote songs like ""They Ain't Makin' Jews Like Jesus Anymore''. But when I look back on it, I think I was mostly a truthteller. My goal was to tell the truth. Let the chips fall where they may. <br><br>As an author, the same thing. Running for governor is just an extension of that. <br><br>A lot of people go to college with the idea they're gonna learn all this, talk to people and get all this wisdom. But they already know they're gonna be a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills or they know they're gonna take over their dad's business. <br><br>Some people, like me, wander through the whole thing. We don't know what we're gonna do. It's just learning from life itself -- that's the best classroom.","
The author got a degree in economics and a masters in public administration, working as an account executive for eight years before realizing they were unhappy. They believe they were born a performer and poet but were not doing what they knew they should be doing, feeling a great weight on their shoulders. They believe there is a satisfaction not met by not committing to their passions, even if done as a hobby.","
The singer-songwriter aimed to tell the truth through his music, writing songs that addressed topics others avoided. As an author and now a candidate for governor, he sees running for office as an extension of his goal to be a truthteller. He believes that life itself is the best classroom, and some people, like him, learn from wandering through it.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,2.5
229,"(253, 295)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to college and got a degree in economics. Went to grad school, the first time, and got a masters in public administration and worked for eight years in corporate America as an account executive but I was terribly unhappy. <br><br>About what? What was it? I think I was born a performer and a poet, but I was not doing what I knew I should be doing. <br><br>There's a great weight that's placed on your shoulders, it's almost like Atlas, you feel like you're carrying that world on your shoulders. <br><br>It's just some great weight that's there when you are not actually doing what it is you should be doing. <br><br>Even if you do it, as a hobby, even if you do it on the side. There's some form of satisfaction, that's not met by not committing to it.","I was born and raised in Hong Kong. After I graduated from high school, I moved to California for college and I went to UC Davis. My parents advised me, you have three choices with your career, you can either be a doctor, or a lawyer, or an engineer. And thank God I chose engineer, because I fell in love with it. <br><br>I didn't think about going to an insurance industry. I had specific companies in mind that I wanted to work for related to chemical engineering. But then, when I stumbled upon FM Global, I was immediately hooked that I get to work with different risk managers and different facilities. So I thought that was the best opportunity that I could give myself to open my horizon a little bit. <br><br>So what I am doing now is heading up the cyber unit here in FM Global to make sure that we have the adequate engineering products and services so that we can offer our clients the best risk management solutions for cyber. <br><br>So we have been burning things up in a lab. We do explosions , we do shake tables for an earthquake , we fill rooms with water to test our flood barriers. But it's really time now to come up with a tool to help our clients to mitigate cyber risk as well. So I'm really excited to be part of that innovation team just to start up something new.","
The author got a degree in economics and a masters in public administration, working as an account executive for eight years before realizing they were unhappy. They believe they were born a performer and poet but were not doing what they knew they should be doing, feeling a great weight on their shoulders. They believe there is a satisfaction not met by not committing to their passions, even if done as a hobby.","
The narrator was born and raised in Hong Kong, but moved to California for college where they studied engineering. They didn't plan on working in the insurance industry, but after discovering FM Global, they fell in love with the opportunity to work with different risk managers and facilities. They now head up the cyber unit at FM Global and are excited to be part of the innovation team developing new tools to mitigate cyber risk.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,1.5
230,"(253, 296)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to college and got a degree in economics. Went to grad school, the first time, and got a masters in public administration and worked for eight years in corporate America as an account executive but I was terribly unhappy. <br><br>About what? What was it? I think I was born a performer and a poet, but I was not doing what I knew I should be doing. <br><br>There's a great weight that's placed on your shoulders, it's almost like Atlas, you feel like you're carrying that world on your shoulders. <br><br>It's just some great weight that's there when you are not actually doing what it is you should be doing. <br><br>Even if you do it, as a hobby, even if you do it on the side. There's some form of satisfaction, that's not met by not committing to it.","I went to culinary school when I was 16 year old. In the beginning I wasn't really planning to be a chef. I wanted to travel to different countries. I didn't speak all the languages in the countries I wanted to go. This meant I had to find something to do that can make money in the countries I was planning to go to. <br><br>Once I found my path, once I decided that was my path, my family and friends kinda pulled me back, to try and take me off that path. It's important to stay on that path and kind of ignore all that. <br><br>If you do not follow your path it's tough to be successful. You have to follow your path whatever it is. It's very important to listen to people too. But, whatever you think of it, you have to follow your own path.","
The author got a degree in economics and a masters in public administration, working as an account executive for eight years before realizing they were unhappy. They believe they were born a performer and poet but were not doing what they knew they should be doing, feeling a great weight on their shoulders. They believe there is a satisfaction not met by not committing to their passions, even if done as a hobby.","
The author went to culinary school at 16 but wasn't initially interested in becoming a chef. They wanted to travel but realized they needed a way to make money in different countries. Despite resistance from family and friends, the author believes it's important to follow your own path and listen to others but ultimately make your own decisions.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.5
231,"(253, 308)","(0.553, 0.755]","I went to college and got a degree in economics. Went to grad school, the first time, and got a masters in public administration and worked for eight years in corporate America as an account executive but I was terribly unhappy. <br><br>About what? What was it? I think I was born a performer and a poet, but I was not doing what I knew I should be doing. <br><br>There's a great weight that's placed on your shoulders, it's almost like Atlas, you feel like you're carrying that world on your shoulders. <br><br>It's just some great weight that's there when you are not actually doing what it is you should be doing. <br><br>Even if you do it, as a hobby, even if you do it on the side. There's some form of satisfaction, that's not met by not committing to it.","A friend of mine from college, she showed me a video, we went out to lunch after I had literally left my job with no plans other than to get away from the banking world. <br><br>She showed me this YouTube video of this guy walking on water and flying above it. <br><br>And I said, I don't know what that is but I like it. <br><br>And I liked the idea of scaring yourself just a little bit and then figuring out how you can work through it and come out of it safely on the other side.","
The author got a degree in economics and a masters in public administration, working as an account executive for eight years before realizing they were unhappy. They believe they were born a performer and poet but were not doing what they knew they should be doing, feeling a great weight on their shoulders. They believe there is a satisfaction not met by not committing to their passions, even if done as a hobby.","
The protagonist left his banking job without any plans and met a college friend who showed him a video of a man walking on water and flying above it. He liked the idea of scaring oneself a little and then finding a way to come out safely on the other side.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,3.0,3.0,3.0
232,"(254, 266)","(0.519, 0.553]","I am now a PhD holder. Two weeks ago, I would still introduce myself as a fifth-year PhD candidate. I have a PhD in chemistry, and I will be walking next weekend. <br><br>I am actually from Mexico, and I was the first one to graduate from a university in the US with my bachelor's five years ago. Now I will be the first and only one to graduate with a PhD. <br><br>I did my bachelor's in chemistry. It was kinda natural that I was gonna go and do my PhD in chemistry. Somehow, I knew that that was the right thing to do. <br><br>I didn't know what I was gonna do with it. I don't know if the job that I get next or in 15 years will have anything to do with my PhD, but I know it's worth it.","I remember being 18, trying to figure out what degree to study. And I still remember it, on the lower right-hand side of the Detroit Free Press, on the front page, they listed the highest starting salaries. Chemical engineer was at the top. So I said, I guess I'll do that. I decided to find a job using my degree. When I got to apply the skills I learned at school, I actually enjoyed it. I realized that I like this, and I figured out how to apply my skills. <br><br>I went back to graduate school, and then ended up getting a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan for one of Herman Miller Suppliers. 13 years later, I'm still here. And it's amazing to be part of an organization that tries to live up to its values every day. We don't always succeed. But by and large, every day I come in, and my team's job is to ask the question, have I made the best choice possible and look for innovative ways to make the world a better place? <br><br>I think that's so important, finding a company where you feel comfortable and they share this common set of values. If you land in a good company, the opportunities will open up. I've never been focused on the next promotion. It's all about getting immersed in my work and doing the best job that I can. And generally, good things have worked out from there.","
The author is now a PhD holder in chemistry, having graduated from a university in the US. They were also the first person from Mexico to graduate from the same university with a bachelor's degree. While they are unsure of where their degree will lead them, they believe it was a worthwhile pursuit.","
The narrator chose to study chemical engineering based on the highest starting salary listed in the newspaper. After finding a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan, he realized he enjoyed using the skills he learned in school and went back to graduate school. He values working for a company that shares his values and focuses on making the world a better place, and believes that opportunities will come from doing his best work rather than focusing on promotions.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
233,"(255, 258)","(0.553, 0.755]","I realized that if I wanted to be in science I'd have to pick one thing and I liked everything way too much to pick one thing. I really loved writing. I really loved helping students and teaching and I loved art and with all that known, I went off to Boston University with a vague idea of something in communications. I did not know and it wasn't until I was in my sophomore year and I was taking that first journalism class they teach and one day Professor Brand said, ""What are you majoring in?'' <br><br>I said, ""I don't know. PR?'' And he said, ""PR?! The best people are in journalism, you can do this! You could be in journalism.'' <br><br>In hindsight everything has come together almost eerily logically. People would say to me, ""Oh newspaper?"" You'll never get a job in a newspaper. Never!'' <br><br>I thought, ""Why not? It could happen to me, it's as likely as anybody else."" And then my job is to make it as likely as I can make it by being as good as I can.","I wanted to be a reporter, but I found out very quickly that's not something I wanted to do once I actually got my feet wet. I was telling somebody I didn't wanna be a reporter anymore, and they said, why don't you do PR? So I was like yeah, let's do PR. <br><br>I spent every second working basketball games, field hockey, soccer. There's really no average day. Every day presents problems, new situations. Every media member that you see at a game, production crew, I have to know everyone who's there, but I feel like I've done my job when every group of people I have to deal with felt like I took care of them. <br><br>I always tell people who want to break into this industry, never limit yourself. If you have to go to Siberia because that's the only sports internship you can get, go to Siberia. People will see your passion, they will see your work, and you'll be able to move up the ladder quicker because of that. <br><br>Take every experience as a learning experience, and keep moving forward.","
The author loved science, writing, teaching, and art, but struggled to choose a specific field to pursue. They went to Boston University with a general idea of studying communications, but it wasn't until their sophomore year when a professor encouraged them to pursue journalism. Despite discouragement from others, the author believes they can succeed in journalism by working hard and being the best they can be.","
The protagonist initially wanted to become a reporter but realized it wasn't for them. They switched to PR and began working in sports events, which presented new challenges every day. They advise others to never limit themselves and to take every experience as a learning opportunity.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.5,4.0,4.0
234,"(255, 278)","(0.553, 0.755]","I realized that if I wanted to be in science I'd have to pick one thing and I liked everything way too much to pick one thing. I really loved writing. I really loved helping students and teaching and I loved art and with all that known, I went off to Boston University with a vague idea of something in communications. I did not know and it wasn't until I was in my sophomore year and I was taking that first journalism class they teach and one day Professor Brand said, ""What are you majoring in?'' <br><br>I said, ""I don't know. PR?'' And he said, ""PR?! The best people are in journalism, you can do this! You could be in journalism.'' <br><br>In hindsight everything has come together almost eerily logically. People would say to me, ""Oh newspaper?"" You'll never get a job in a newspaper. Never!'' <br><br>I thought, ""Why not? It could happen to me, it's as likely as anybody else."" And then my job is to make it as likely as I can make it by being as good as I can.","I wanted to be an artist when I was in high school, but I actually started in nursing school. We were really poor, and my dad died when I was six, and I saw my mom struggle working in a sewing factory. I thought, well this is crazy to be a starving artist. I better do something practical. So I went to school for nursing. <br><br>Photography and me was a better fit. So, I started at the Miami Herald as a staff photographer, just from there moved on to do international stories, so I bounced around a lot. I traveled a whole lot. <br><br>When you can capture a moment, capture history, preserve that second of time, that's meaningful in some way. If it makes you feel, it's probably gonna make someone else feel too. But those were the moments that I always look for. I feel like there's all different types of photography that you have to appreciate. <br><br>You can do all these stylized beautiful perfectly composed pictures, but for me, journalism, I think the only thing that matters is the content in the moment and making someone feel. Because you can make someone think, but to make someone feel is the ultimate goal. <br><br>The more you can do to connect people, the less hatred there will be in the world, the more understanding there will be.","
The author loved science, writing, teaching, and art, but struggled to choose a specific field to pursue. They went to Boston University with a general idea of studying communications, but it wasn't until their sophomore year when a professor encouraged them to pursue journalism. Despite discouragement from others, the author believes they can succeed in journalism by working hard and being the best they can be.","The author originally wanted to be an artist, but decided to go to nursing school due to financial struggles. However, they found their passion in photography and became a staff photographer for the Miami Herald, traveling around the world to capture meaningful moments in history. The author believes that the ultimate goal of photography is to make someone feel and connect people, leading to less hatred and more understanding in the world.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
235,"(255, 310)","(0.553, 0.755]","I realized that if I wanted to be in science I'd have to pick one thing and I liked everything way too much to pick one thing. I really loved writing. I really loved helping students and teaching and I loved art and with all that known, I went off to Boston University with a vague idea of something in communications. I did not know and it wasn't until I was in my sophomore year and I was taking that first journalism class they teach and one day Professor Brand said, ""What are you majoring in?'' <br><br>I said, ""I don't know. PR?'' And he said, ""PR?! The best people are in journalism, you can do this! You could be in journalism.'' <br><br>In hindsight everything has come together almost eerily logically. People would say to me, ""Oh newspaper?"" You'll never get a job in a newspaper. Never!'' <br><br>I thought, ""Why not? It could happen to me, it's as likely as anybody else."" And then my job is to make it as likely as I can make it by being as good as I can.","I went to college and I majored in chemistry. That was what I liked, and I liked it there, too. But I just couldn't see myself going on the way I'd been. I just didn't fit. <br><br>I had to figure out, okay, now what? If I think I like the biological approach, and I think maybe I'm interested in its application to people, maybe I should go to medical school. <br><br>Sometimes you gotta try a lot of things out before you land on one. These days, people will tell you, the average person has five careers. I didn't know that when I was starting out. I thought you had exactly one, and if you messed up in picking it the first time, you were in deep trouble.","
The author loved science, writing, teaching, and art, but struggled to choose a specific field to pursue. They went to Boston University with a general idea of studying communications, but it wasn't until their sophomore year when a professor encouraged them to pursue journalism. Despite discouragement from others, the author believes they can succeed in journalism by working hard and being the best they can be.","
The narrator went to college and majored in chemistry, but realized it wasn't for them. They decided to explore the biological approach and considered going to medical school. The narrator learned that it's okay to try different things before finding the right career path, and that it's common for people to have multiple careers.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,4.0,4.0
236,"(256, 275)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the CEO of StoryFit. We're an AI technology company that helps studios and publishers make decisions over how they tell their stories and what kind of stories they're acquiring. <br><br>I decided in fourth grade, when a local television news reporter came and talked to the class, that I wanted to be in news. I pursued journalism in school and did lots of internships, and worked for television stations and newspapers and all sorts. I was really a journalist at heart. <br><br>My first job out of school was in television news. I produced for ABC News network and Good Morning America, and was there for almost a decade. <br><br>I took a straight jump from television news into tech, because of course there's a lot in technology that's the same thing. You're telling stories across websites. You're building platforms, and the platforms that I always worked with were content-based. <br><br>You just keep moving forward and finding what you enjoy and you'll get to something great. The goal isn't to get to something great, but just keep doing things that are great along the way and it's all gonna work out.","I thought I was gonna be a professional dancer. I'd come home at 10 PM and I would be really tired physically and mentally, and I just kind of decided, I don't wanna do that any more. I transitioned into creative writing and, probably one of the best decisions I ever made in my life, because ultimately that led me here. <br><br>This was the second job I applied to, out of 43 jobs. I get to make sure that the products that come to me are in a very specific format, that I can make sure it gets all of the approvals from all of the people they need to get approvals from. <br><br>Ultimately I still use my dance skills. One of the main things we learned about was improvisation. I use that all the time. I got to be the most nit-picky grammar nerd ever. They let me talk about hyphens and dashes like nobody's business. <br><br>When it comes down to like, you have to take this path or whatever to be an engineer or an architect or a scientist or a writer or literary agent or an actor or anything like that, I don't see a lot of people who do that.","
The CEO of StoryFit is an AI technology company helping studios and publishers to make decisions regarding their stories. Despite wanting to be a journalist from a young age, the CEO pursued a career in television news and worked for ABC News network and Good Morning America before transitioning to tech. The CEO believes that by doing things that are great along the way, one can eventually reach something great.","
The narrator initially pursued a career in dancing but eventually decided to transition into creative writing. They landed their current job, which involves ensuring products meet certain criteria and obtaining necessary approvals. Despite the change in career, the narrator still utilizes skills learned in dance, such as improvisation, and enjoys their role as a grammar enthusiast.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,3.5,3.0
237,"(256, 282)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the CEO of StoryFit. We're an AI technology company that helps studios and publishers make decisions over how they tell their stories and what kind of stories they're acquiring. <br><br>I decided in fourth grade, when a local television news reporter came and talked to the class, that I wanted to be in news. I pursued journalism in school and did lots of internships, and worked for television stations and newspapers and all sorts. I was really a journalist at heart. <br><br>My first job out of school was in television news. I produced for ABC News network and Good Morning America, and was there for almost a decade. <br><br>I took a straight jump from television news into tech, because of course there's a lot in technology that's the same thing. You're telling stories across websites. You're building platforms, and the platforms that I always worked with were content-based. <br><br>You just keep moving forward and finding what you enjoy and you'll get to something great. The goal isn't to get to something great, but just keep doing things that are great along the way and it's all gonna work out.","I always knew I wanted to do journalism since I was a little kid. I was writing for my school paper in fifth grade. But by the time I graduated, I still didn't know if I wanted to do newspaper, or if I wanted to do TV and I ended up doing TV. <br><br>And I just really enjoy talking to people. I feel like that was why I wanted to do journalism, because everyone's so different, everybody has different stories, and people are just interesting. I love watching TV, I like watching TV, but I never really thought about the possibilities of working in TV. <br><br>It's just been such an amazing experience. It's a hard job, but it's really rewarding. I think it's a dream job that I didn't realize I had. <br><br>I don't always know if I'm making the right decision while I'm making them. I feel sometimes, am I stunting myself in my career? Am I where I'm supposed to be right now? Am I doing all that I can to get to the next point? But you don't always know if you're doing the right thing, but it works out. <br><br>I feel like things just work themselves out. ","
The CEO of StoryFit is an AI technology company helping studios and publishers to make decisions regarding their stories. Despite wanting to be a journalist from a young age, the CEO pursued a career in television news and worked for ABC News network and Good Morning America before transitioning to tech. The CEO believes that by doing things that are great along the way, one can eventually reach something great.","The author always wanted to do journalism and wrote for their school paper in fifth grade. They ended up choosing TV journalism and love talking to people and hearing their stories. Although they sometimes question if they're making the right career choices, they believe things work out in the end.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,2.5,3.0
238,"(256, 290)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm the CEO of StoryFit. We're an AI technology company that helps studios and publishers make decisions over how they tell their stories and what kind of stories they're acquiring. <br><br>I decided in fourth grade, when a local television news reporter came and talked to the class, that I wanted to be in news. I pursued journalism in school and did lots of internships, and worked for television stations and newspapers and all sorts. I was really a journalist at heart. <br><br>My first job out of school was in television news. I produced for ABC News network and Good Morning America, and was there for almost a decade. <br><br>I took a straight jump from television news into tech, because of course there's a lot in technology that's the same thing. You're telling stories across websites. You're building platforms, and the platforms that I always worked with were content-based. <br><br>You just keep moving forward and finding what you enjoy and you'll get to something great. The goal isn't to get to something great, but just keep doing things that are great along the way and it's all gonna work out.","Originally, I wanted to go into the FBI. But my roommate in college, his parents owned a sushi bar, so he grew up cutting fish and working around the restaurant. He would have all these amazing meals, and I would be eating either spaghetti with a jar of tomato sauce and a can of tuna or something. It was pretty gross compared to my roommate making his elaborate French sauces and roasting a chicken. <br><br>And I said, nah, I need to be eating like that, not what I'm eating. So I enrolled in some cooking classes, not with the intention of becoming a chef. I thought this was gonna be six weeks of my life and I'm back into my FBI career, but that six weeks turned into 22 years in restaurants now. <br><br>That's how I started. I wasn't a child cooking prodigy, I didn't grow up in a restaurant of chefs or washing dishes at my mom's restaurant. It was just me independently finding that passion for food and cooking and hospitality.","
The CEO of StoryFit is an AI technology company helping studios and publishers to make decisions regarding their stories. Despite wanting to be a journalist from a young age, the CEO pursued a career in television news and worked for ABC News network and Good Morning America before transitioning to tech. The CEO believes that by doing things that are great along the way, one can eventually reach something great.","
The storyteller originally wanted to become an FBI agent, but his roommate's experience with a sushi bar inspired him to take cooking classes. He didn't intend to become a chef, but the six-week course turned into a 22-year career in restaurants. He discovered his passion for food and hospitality through independent exploration.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,4.0,4.0
239,"(257, 292)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had absolutely no idea what I was going to do. But I knew what I wanted to do. And that was everything. I wanted to be a martial arts expert. I wanted to be a professional musician. I wanted to write a novel. I wanted to paint in all my spare time. I wanted to own a restaurant. I wanted to do all of these things. <br><br>I had these ideas of what I wanted to do. Fresh ground coffee, some good food, space, music, and all of that. And I walked around asking different owners of different establishments, ""Can I do this? Do I have what it takes?'' I've never even done business before. <br><br>At the very last moment, I had already even gotten a loan to start my own restaurant. And the very last people I went to were the owners of the Delta of Venus. I asked them, ""I think I want to start a restaurant. Do you have any advice?'' <br><br>And the two owners looked at each other, and looked at me and said, ""We were just talking about selling the Delta today.'' My whole universe, it was just right. And I just trusted myself that it was right.","I'm a biology lecturer and special projects coordinator. As I was a child I was an outpatient at Shiners Hospital because I thought I had a curvature in my spine. That was my first interaction as an outpatient with a physical therapist. From there all the way to high school the goal in the head was that was definitely what I was gonna be. <br><br>I decided to go to college and in my junior year going into my senior year, I took a human genetic course for non science majors. And I was in heaven. I also got involved with the research and I figured why not give it a try? So I decided to the research, still doing both. In the end I had to pick one and research was the one I decided to pick. <br><br>We're all young when we start our journeys out. For some of us it's delayed and then we finally come to it after working. But it's always gonna be changing depending on what you experience. You just gotta go whatever the wind blows your way, because you might miss an opportunity. <br><br>If I just said research, forget it, then I would have missed where I am today,","The author had many aspirations including becoming a martial arts expert, professional musician, novelist, painter and restaurant owner. They approached various business owners for advice and eventually got a loan to start their own restaurant. At the last minute, they met the owners of Delta of Venus who were considering selling their establishment, and the author felt it was meant to be and trusted their intuition.","
A biology lecturer and special projects coordinator recalls being an outpatient at Shiners Hospital as a child and being inspired by the physical therapist. In college, she discovered a love for human genetics and decided to pursue research over physical therapy. She encourages others to be open to new opportunities and experiences, as they may lead them down unexpected paths.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,3.0
240,"(258, 278)","(0.553, 0.755]","I wanted to be a reporter, but I found out very quickly that's not something I wanted to do once I actually got my feet wet. I was telling somebody I didn't wanna be a reporter anymore, and they said, why don't you do PR? So I was like yeah, let's do PR. <br><br>I spent every second working basketball games, field hockey, soccer. There's really no average day. Every day presents problems, new situations. Every media member that you see at a game, production crew, I have to know everyone who's there, but I feel like I've done my job when every group of people I have to deal with felt like I took care of them. <br><br>I always tell people who want to break into this industry, never limit yourself. If you have to go to Siberia because that's the only sports internship you can get, go to Siberia. People will see your passion, they will see your work, and you'll be able to move up the ladder quicker because of that. <br><br>Take every experience as a learning experience, and keep moving forward.","I wanted to be an artist when I was in high school, but I actually started in nursing school. We were really poor, and my dad died when I was six, and I saw my mom struggle working in a sewing factory. I thought, well this is crazy to be a starving artist. I better do something practical. So I went to school for nursing. <br><br>Photography and me was a better fit. So, I started at the Miami Herald as a staff photographer, just from there moved on to do international stories, so I bounced around a lot. I traveled a whole lot. <br><br>When you can capture a moment, capture history, preserve that second of time, that's meaningful in some way. If it makes you feel, it's probably gonna make someone else feel too. But those were the moments that I always look for. I feel like there's all different types of photography that you have to appreciate. <br><br>You can do all these stylized beautiful perfectly composed pictures, but for me, journalism, I think the only thing that matters is the content in the moment and making someone feel. Because you can make someone think, but to make someone feel is the ultimate goal. <br><br>The more you can do to connect people, the less hatred there will be in the world, the more understanding there will be.","
The protagonist initially wanted to become a reporter but realized it wasn't for them. They switched to PR and began working in sports events, which presented new challenges every day. They advise others to never limit themselves and to take every experience as a learning opportunity.","The author originally wanted to be an artist, but decided to go to nursing school due to financial struggles. However, they found their passion in photography and became a staff photographer for the Miami Herald, traveling around the world to capture meaningful moments in history. The author believes that the ultimate goal of photography is to make someone feel and connect people, leading to less hatred and more understanding in the world.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.5,4.0,3.5
241,"(259, 265)","(0.553, 0.755]","My main mission is to monitor the activity of Hawaiian volcanoes and then to assess their threat. But to do that you have to understand a lot about how volcanoes work, which starts with basic geology. I went to University of Southern California and fortunately their curriculum had you go through the four basics of oceanography, biology, chemical, geology, physical. <br><br>I just happened to take the introduction to geology first and that was it. At that moment I knew I wanted to be a geologist. I began to realize my roots are really here and I was anxious to get back. I never would have known that if I'd stayed. <br><br>I think you have to be somewhere else to actually see that more clearly. In a way geology helped me with that. It's never gonna be easy. But there's a lot of interesting experiences around here that could help you when you come back. <br><br>That's the important thing, to take those experiences and bring them back with you. And you'll be a stronger person for all those experiences.","It's hard to become a veterinarian. It's competitive. It's eight years of school, and it's expensive. I had to take on a ton of school loans to be able to get through it. That first year of undergrad, it just seemed like I don't know what I wanna do, but this just seems so uphill and I'm looking at a lot of debt if I go through with this. Even in the best case scenario, I'm gonna take on loans and scholarships. <br><br>You pause all the time and you kinda revisit it. What are the things that really make me happy? And ultimately, it was that I want to work with animals. Maybe someday I'm gonna work with an animal that could be going extinct, or is gonna be endangered. Or I'm gonna be working in a place where, if we're not doing something, things are gonna change, and the world's not gonna be as good. <br><br>And I think what I learned about choosing to come to work here is that, you're going to be the happiest at the place that kind of best aligns with who you think you are and what you really want to be. And I found that drive towards animals was the most aligned with my heart than anywhere else I had worked or wanted to work.","A geologist's main mission is to monitor and assess the threat of Hawaiian volcanoes, which requires a deep understanding of how volcanoes work. The geologist discovered their passion for geology while studying at the University of Southern California, and realized their roots are in Hawaii. They believe that taking experiences from elsewhere and bringing them back can make a person stronger.","
The process of becoming a veterinarian is tough, competitive, and expensive. The narrator initially questioned whether they were cut out for it due to the debt they would incur. However, they ultimately realized that working with animals and potentially helping endangered species aligned with their values and brought them the most happiness.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,2.0,3.5
242,"(259, 307)","(0.553, 0.755]","My main mission is to monitor the activity of Hawaiian volcanoes and then to assess their threat. But to do that you have to understand a lot about how volcanoes work, which starts with basic geology. I went to University of Southern California and fortunately their curriculum had you go through the four basics of oceanography, biology, chemical, geology, physical. <br><br>I just happened to take the introduction to geology first and that was it. At that moment I knew I wanted to be a geologist. I began to realize my roots are really here and I was anxious to get back. I never would have known that if I'd stayed. <br><br>I think you have to be somewhere else to actually see that more clearly. In a way geology helped me with that. It's never gonna be easy. But there's a lot of interesting experiences around here that could help you when you come back. <br><br>That's the important thing, to take those experiences and bring them back with you. And you'll be a stronger person for all those experiences.","In college, I was figuring my life out. I didn't have an exact plan in terms of what I wanted to do. Everybody that acted in the capacity of a guidance counselor to me helped mold me into where I am today. <br><br>For instance, when I was in high school, my guidance counselor told me, Chris, based on what I know about you, I know you love to be in big cities. I know you love to study human behavior and psychology. <br><br>We discussed where I might end up in college, so I chose to go to NYU based on that feedback. And when I got my first job in marketing analytics, it's when I realized that hey, this is really cool, I actually really like this. <br><br>Don't feel like you have to know all the answers right now. The more strict you are in terms of what you think you want to do, plus options you'll have. So think outside the box and keep an open mind.","A geologist's main mission is to monitor and assess the threat of Hawaiian volcanoes, which requires a deep understanding of how volcanoes work. The geologist discovered their passion for geology while studying at the University of Southern California, and realized their roots are in Hawaii. They believe that taking experiences from elsewhere and bringing them back can make a person stronger.","
The author did not have a clear plan for their future in college. Guidance counselors helped shape their career path by suggesting they attend NYU based on their interests. The author encourages readers to keep an open mind and not limit themselves when considering career options.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.0,2.5
243,"(26, 84)","(0.553, 0.755]","I took my dogs outside as normal and noticed Buttons was slower than usual. We got her in 2005 and she had been diagnosed with heart trouble. As we called her back in, she turned and looked at my mother then ran off into the dark. We waited and waited for them to come back and when we heard our little mini-pin cry out,I had a horrible feeling. I stepped onto the lawn and noticed Buttons lying in her favorite spot with Sparky at her side. She had laid down where she loved and quietly passed away. <br><br>I picked her up and felt her limpness and I knew she was gone. It was such a horrible feeling. She was our last link to the old life we had when my father was alive. He had loved her so much and the last thing he told us was to take care of her. Buttons was with me when I went through cancer and his loss. She was with me throughout the last fourteen years and I loved her so much. <br><br>I think that losing her has had a profound effect on me because in some way it was the end of an era. It was the end of the life in Idaho living on a farm. It was the end of days and days of her waiting for me. I think that the day we took her to be cremated was one of the most painful days. Even now, I still cry about it. <br><br>I guess the comfort I feel is that she died on a beautiful night, in her favorite spot next to Sparky and that was a really nice way to go. I miss her so much but I have to let her go.","This has been one of the hardest days of my life. I lost my little friend, Prance. I should start by saying that Prance was a rescue dog. Prance came from a local shelter. Prance was 3 years old when I got him. The day, April 17, that I got Prance was exactly a year to the day that I had lost another dog, Butch. Like Butch, Prance was a Schnauzer. <br><br>I woke up that morning and just had a strong desire to go to the animal shelter. And there was Prance. From the first moment, we bonded, and he was like my little grey shadow. April 17th 2019, I treated the day like it was Prance's birthday, since his actual birth date was unknown. He had turned 12. <br><br>Prance had always been a very picky eater and he had started refusing his food. On the 4th day of not eating, I took Prance to the vet. Prance had pancreatitis and had to be hospitalized. When Prance came home, he was refusing to eat again. Prance began to get very weak and had difficulty standing up. He was now at a point where he could not walk at all. <br><br>Prance was laying next to me, as he always was, while I watched TV. Prance suddenly reached out his paw to me 3 times, like he would do when he wanted to get some attention. I picked Prance up and held him. Prance began to tremble and shake. He took a couple of deep breathes and went limp in my arms. <br><br>I feel like Prance reached out to me to say goodbye, and I am happy that I was there for him in his last moment of life.","
The author's dog, Buttons, had been diagnosed with heart trouble and was slower than usual when taken outside. As they called her back in, she ran off into the dark and was found dead in her favorite spot. Losing her was the end of an era for the author and they still feel the pain of her loss.","
A person lost their rescue dog named Prance, who was like their little shadow. Prance had been refusing to eat and was diagnosed with pancreatitis, eventually becoming too weak to walk. In Prance's last moment of life, he reached out to the person three times before passing away in their arms.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.5
244,"(260, 278)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was originally in illustration, and then the department wasn't going where I wanted it to, so I switched over to printmaking, which is when I really got into it. I moved in here, and we had all this space, so I decided at that point that I wanted to have a shop. <br><br>I just got to a point where I felt like I was waiting for something, and I just decided. It's like, ""I'm not really sure what I'm waiting for.'' Time passes so fast, it's like, you're just sitting there thinking about, ""What do I wanna do?'' And it's five years later. <br><br>I'd rather sacrifice comforts and fancy toasters for doing what I want when I want.","I wanted to be an artist when I was in high school, but I actually started in nursing school. We were really poor, and my dad died when I was six, and I saw my mom struggle working in a sewing factory. I thought, well this is crazy to be a starving artist. I better do something practical. So I went to school for nursing. <br><br>Photography and me was a better fit. So, I started at the Miami Herald as a staff photographer, just from there moved on to do international stories, so I bounced around a lot. I traveled a whole lot. <br><br>When you can capture a moment, capture history, preserve that second of time, that's meaningful in some way. If it makes you feel, it's probably gonna make someone else feel too. But those were the moments that I always look for. I feel like there's all different types of photography that you have to appreciate. <br><br>You can do all these stylized beautiful perfectly composed pictures, but for me, journalism, I think the only thing that matters is the content in the moment and making someone feel. Because you can make someone think, but to make someone feel is the ultimate goal. <br><br>The more you can do to connect people, the less hatred there will be in the world, the more understanding there will be.","
An artist switched from illustration to printmaking and decided to open a shop. She felt like she was waiting for something and didn't want to waste time anymore. She chose to prioritize doing what she wants over material possessions.","The author originally wanted to be an artist, but decided to go to nursing school due to financial struggles. However, they found their passion in photography and became a staff photographer for the Miami Herald, traveling around the world to capture meaningful moments in history. The author believes that the ultimate goal of photography is to make someone feel and connect people, leading to less hatred and more understanding in the world.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
245,"(260, 296)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was originally in illustration, and then the department wasn't going where I wanted it to, so I switched over to printmaking, which is when I really got into it. I moved in here, and we had all this space, so I decided at that point that I wanted to have a shop. <br><br>I just got to a point where I felt like I was waiting for something, and I just decided. It's like, ""I'm not really sure what I'm waiting for.'' Time passes so fast, it's like, you're just sitting there thinking about, ""What do I wanna do?'' And it's five years later. <br><br>I'd rather sacrifice comforts and fancy toasters for doing what I want when I want.","I went to culinary school when I was 16 year old. In the beginning I wasn't really planning to be a chef. I wanted to travel to different countries. I didn't speak all the languages in the countries I wanted to go. This meant I had to find something to do that can make money in the countries I was planning to go to. <br><br>Once I found my path, once I decided that was my path, my family and friends kinda pulled me back, to try and take me off that path. It's important to stay on that path and kind of ignore all that. <br><br>If you do not follow your path it's tough to be successful. You have to follow your path whatever it is. It's very important to listen to people too. But, whatever you think of it, you have to follow your own path.","
An artist switched from illustration to printmaking and decided to open a shop. She felt like she was waiting for something and didn't want to waste time anymore. She chose to prioritize doing what she wants over material possessions.","
The author went to culinary school at 16 but wasn't initially interested in becoming a chef. They wanted to travel but realized they needed a way to make money in different countries. Despite resistance from family and friends, the author believes it's important to follow your own path and listen to others but ultimately make your own decisions.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.0,3.5
246,"(260, 310)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was originally in illustration, and then the department wasn't going where I wanted it to, so I switched over to printmaking, which is when I really got into it. I moved in here, and we had all this space, so I decided at that point that I wanted to have a shop. <br><br>I just got to a point where I felt like I was waiting for something, and I just decided. It's like, ""I'm not really sure what I'm waiting for.'' Time passes so fast, it's like, you're just sitting there thinking about, ""What do I wanna do?'' And it's five years later. <br><br>I'd rather sacrifice comforts and fancy toasters for doing what I want when I want.","I went to college and I majored in chemistry. That was what I liked, and I liked it there, too. But I just couldn't see myself going on the way I'd been. I just didn't fit. <br><br>I had to figure out, okay, now what? If I think I like the biological approach, and I think maybe I'm interested in its application to people, maybe I should go to medical school. <br><br>Sometimes you gotta try a lot of things out before you land on one. These days, people will tell you, the average person has five careers. I didn't know that when I was starting out. I thought you had exactly one, and if you messed up in picking it the first time, you were in deep trouble.","
An artist switched from illustration to printmaking and decided to open a shop. She felt like she was waiting for something and didn't want to waste time anymore. She chose to prioritize doing what she wants over material possessions.","
The narrator went to college and majored in chemistry, but realized it wasn't for them. They decided to explore the biological approach and considered going to medical school. The narrator learned that it's okay to try different things before finding the right career path, and that it's common for people to have multiple careers.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,2.0,2.0
247,"(261, 262)","(0.553, 0.755]","I work for Veracity Insurance. We insure a lot of outdoor recreation companies. That can be from the actual operations side, to the people who are manufacturing the equipment for all those. For me it was a job, but then it fell into being a career, because of the love that I have for what I do. And it turned into being a fun passion. <br><br>We did a lot of stuff in the outdoors with my family. To today, a lot of our activities as a family still evolve around being outside. I enjoy coming to work every single day, I enjoy the people I work with. <br><br>But when I'm on vacation and I go see some of these areas where I insure these, I get to actually do some of these activities, too. So there's both sides that are a lot of fun.","I'm a veterinarian in Tennessee. I have two practices here, and then all of a sudden in 1995, a lady came by and wanted to start an elephant sanctuary. And not being able to stay out of trouble, I said sure, I'll help. <br><br>An elephant sanctuary is a place for retired elephants. Almost all of them have arthritis from performing in circuses. We've got 2700 acres, they can just roam and be free. And that's why it's a sanctuary. A sanctuary is where you're at peace and no one can theoretically disturb you. We want them to be free. <br><br>I've been helping the sanctuary for 20 years. Watching it grow into the organization it has become, and hopefully, helping it grow. It's been a very satisfying part of my life. <br><br>I think I'm having success because I'm still having fun at this. At 60, I still love what I do.","
The speaker works for Veracity Insurance, which insures outdoor recreation companies from operations to equipment manufacturing. The job turned into a career due to the speaker's love for what they do. The speaker enjoys both their work and outdoor activities with their family, and gets to experience the activities they insure while on vacation.","
A veterinarian in Tennessee helps start an elephant sanctuary for retired elephants with arthritis from performing in circuses. The sanctuary provides a peaceful and free environment for these elephants to roam. The veterinarian has been helping the sanctuary for 20 years and finds it satisfying because he still loves what he does.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
248,"(261, 276)","(0.553, 0.755]","I work for Veracity Insurance. We insure a lot of outdoor recreation companies. That can be from the actual operations side, to the people who are manufacturing the equipment for all those. For me it was a job, but then it fell into being a career, because of the love that I have for what I do. And it turned into being a fun passion. <br><br>We did a lot of stuff in the outdoors with my family. To today, a lot of our activities as a family still evolve around being outside. I enjoy coming to work every single day, I enjoy the people I work with. <br><br>But when I'm on vacation and I go see some of these areas where I insure these, I get to actually do some of these activities, too. So there's both sides that are a lot of fun.","I am co-founder and CEO of a company called Commit. I come from a non-entrepreneurial, almost not even business-focused background. I started school in the mindset of I wanna be a doctor. When I got to college, I sat there and I'm like, okay, going into medicine is a huge commitment. It's actually not really something that drives me. In school, I realized that what made me really happy and passionate and motivated me was working in teams to solve problems. That kind of was really nebulous for me at the time of how you turn that into a career, until I found consulting. It didn't force me to choose one career, it allowed me to continue exploring, and trying different things. <br><br>I did not think I was ever going to be an entrepreneur. I left consulting to go to school, get my Masters. Commit started while I was still in school. I graduated less than two months ago, and have been working on my startup full time since then. I'm 28 now and I still haven't answered for myself, what do I wanna be when I grow up? <br><br>As long as you just don't close a door and burn a bridge, the options will always be there.","
The speaker works for Veracity Insurance, which insures outdoor recreation companies from operations to equipment manufacturing. The job turned into a career due to the speaker's love for what they do. The speaker enjoys both their work and outdoor activities with their family, and gets to experience the activities they insure while on vacation.","The CEO of Commit comes from a non-business background and initially wanted to be a doctor. However, in college, they discovered their passion for working in teams to solve problems and found a career in consulting. Despite never thinking of themselves as an entrepreneur, they co-founded Commit while in school and now work on it full-time after graduating with a Masters. They believe that as long as you keep your options open, opportunities will always be there.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,2.5
249,"(264, 294)","(0.553, 0.755]","I never went to a proper film school or worked on traditional film sets and I learned my way up the way that other people might. In the 1980s, Michael Stipe from R.E.M. had a film group that was giving money to underground filmmakers, and he saw some of the stuff that I'd done, and I went down to Athens, Georgia, where his band, R.E.M., was based and there were a lot of other artists and filmmakers. <br><br>I wasn't specifically trying to do music videos or feature films or documentaries or whatever. Just kind of made these personal, experimental films, and then people that would see those would respond and ask me to go do other things with them or for them. <br><br>It's an element of putting yourself at the right place at the right time. Like I definitely left the wrong place in New Jersey and went to Athens, Georgia, which, at that time, felt like where I belonged. <br><br>It's your life and you need to hit all these different experiences while you can.","I wanted to be either a newscaster or a radio personality. I got a job working weekends in New York, so I kept my job in D.C. and I would drive up on the weekends. I would pass by all the exits on the turnpike to my parents' house, my best friend's house. <br><br>But nobody really believed or understood my grind. Instead of going home or going to friends and hanging out and getting hot meals, I slept in my car on the turnpike. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head. Not your parents, your sisters and brothers, not even your best friends. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head! Be fearless.","
The storyteller never went to film school but learned by doing. Michael Stipe from R.E.M. saw some of the storyteller's work and invited them to Athens, Georgia, where they met other artists and filmmakers. The storyteller didn't have a specific goal in mind but made personal experimental films, and opportunities arose from there.","
The author wanted to become a newscaster or a radio personality and got a job in New York while keeping their job in D.C. They would sleep in their car on the turnpike instead of going home or hanging out with friends. The author advises not to let people get in your head and to be fearless.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.0,3.0
250,"(265, 291)","(0.553, 0.755]","It's hard to become a veterinarian. It's competitive. It's eight years of school, and it's expensive. I had to take on a ton of school loans to be able to get through it. That first year of undergrad, it just seemed like I don't know what I wanna do, but this just seems so uphill and I'm looking at a lot of debt if I go through with this. Even in the best case scenario, I'm gonna take on loans and scholarships. <br><br>You pause all the time and you kinda revisit it. What are the things that really make me happy? And ultimately, it was that I want to work with animals. Maybe someday I'm gonna work with an animal that could be going extinct, or is gonna be endangered. Or I'm gonna be working in a place where, if we're not doing something, things are gonna change, and the world's not gonna be as good. <br><br>And I think what I learned about choosing to come to work here is that, you're going to be the happiest at the place that kind of best aligns with who you think you are and what you really want to be. And I found that drive towards animals was the most aligned with my heart than anywhere else I had worked or wanted to work.","I just completed an associates degree at Hawaii Community College last year. It took me ten years because I did it part time. And that was way after I finished my PhD in biology. <br><br>The tendency is to make it look like there is a golden path, and it's your job to find it. That's not true. I found my true identity incrementally. With all of my Japanese knowledge, I had left a chunk of me behind in my journey. So I had this big task of having to integrate myself so that I can function as one whole person. <br><br>You have to go through a bit of a soul searching thing. That's why doing something like Hawaiian studies aligns you a little bit, recognizing who you are, where you come from.","
The process of becoming a veterinarian is tough, competitive, and expensive. The narrator initially questioned whether they were cut out for it due to the debt they would incur. However, they ultimately realized that working with animals and potentially helping endangered species aligned with their values and brought them the most happiness.","
The speaker completed an associate's degree at Hawaii Community College after ten years of part-time study, following the completion of their PhD in biology. They found their true identity incrementally and had to integrate different parts of themselves. They suggest that doing something like Hawaiian studies can align you with who you are and where you come from.",3,,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,4.0
251,"(266, 281)","(0.553, 0.755]","I remember being 18, trying to figure out what degree to study. And I still remember it, on the lower right-hand side of the Detroit Free Press, on the front page, they listed the highest starting salaries. Chemical engineer was at the top. So I said, I guess I'll do that. I decided to find a job using my degree. When I got to apply the skills I learned at school, I actually enjoyed it. I realized that I like this, and I figured out how to apply my skills. <br><br>I went back to graduate school, and then ended up getting a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan for one of Herman Miller Suppliers. 13 years later, I'm still here. And it's amazing to be part of an organization that tries to live up to its values every day. We don't always succeed. But by and large, every day I come in, and my team's job is to ask the question, have I made the best choice possible and look for innovative ways to make the world a better place? <br><br>I think that's so important, finding a company where you feel comfortable and they share this common set of values. If you land in a good company, the opportunities will open up. I've never been focused on the next promotion. It's all about getting immersed in my work and doing the best job that I can. And generally, good things have worked out from there.","I grew up in Honduras. I was always dreaming, my mind was always dreaming. I knew that I didn't wanna be a doctor, that I didn't wanna be a lawyer. <br><br>When I was eight years old, I was making caramels to sell in school, and today I'm making the same thing. <br><br>So when you see yourself, what you did when you were little -- what you really enjoyed doing -- just go back to that age. <br><br>The point is really enjoying what you do. And it's not so much about money -- of course money counts -- but when you enjoy what you like to do, you work so hard that eventually the money is gonna come because hard work is paid.","
The narrator chose to study chemical engineering based on the highest starting salary listed in the newspaper. After finding a job in Grand Rapids, Michigan, he realized he enjoyed using the skills he learned in school and went back to graduate school. He values working for a company that shares his values and focuses on making the world a better place, and believes that opportunities will come from doing his best work rather than focusing on promotions.","The author grew up in Honduras and knew from a young age that they didn't want to be a doctor or lawyer. At eight years old, they made caramels to sell in school and still make them today. The author believes in enjoying what you do and working hard, and that the money will eventually come.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
252,"(268, 292)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am the executive chef for Bacchanal here at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. I grew up in Mexico. And my family, it's all about food. I realized that food was my passion when I was about eight years old. I love being in there with the food. I studied for two years, but cooking is something that you develop the skill throughout the years. And you keep getting better and better at it. And it just becomes a part of who you are. <br><br>As a female, it's a little bit of a challenge because you're entering into a world that is more male oriented. And so you have to be able to keep up with them. But life prepares you for everything a step at a time. <br><br>32 years has prepared me to deal with 124 cooks and thousands and thousands of guests. People say it's so much, it's so stressful, but it really comes easy for me now.","I'm a biology lecturer and special projects coordinator. As I was a child I was an outpatient at Shiners Hospital because I thought I had a curvature in my spine. That was my first interaction as an outpatient with a physical therapist. From there all the way to high school the goal in the head was that was definitely what I was gonna be. <br><br>I decided to go to college and in my junior year going into my senior year, I took a human genetic course for non science majors. And I was in heaven. I also got involved with the research and I figured why not give it a try? So I decided to the research, still doing both. In the end I had to pick one and research was the one I decided to pick. <br><br>We're all young when we start our journeys out. For some of us it's delayed and then we finally come to it after working. But it's always gonna be changing depending on what you experience. You just gotta go whatever the wind blows your way, because you might miss an opportunity. <br><br>If I just said research, forget it, then I would have missed where I am today,","
The executive chef for Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas grew up in Mexico with a family that loved food. She discovered her passion for cooking at eight years old and studied for two years before developing her skills over time. Despite being a female in a male-oriented industry, she has become capable of managing 124 cooks and countless guests after 32 years of experience.","
A biology lecturer and special projects coordinator recalls being an outpatient at Shiners Hospital as a child and being inspired by the physical therapist. In college, she discovered a love for human genetics and decided to pursue research over physical therapy. She encourages others to be open to new opportunities and experiences, as they may lead them down unexpected paths.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
253,"(269, 277)","(0.553, 0.755]","I wanted to do chemistry because I liked it, and I also thought I was going to go to medical school, so that was a constant. I had actually taken the MCATs, which are the entrance to medical school, so I was really going in that direction. <br><br>In my senior year, I decided that was not for me. The reason I came to Sandia and to New Mexico is to work on an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. <br><br>It's very exciting to think of a way of solving a big problem. When you can see that side of any kind of profession, it's incredibly fulfilling. To be successful you really have to love what you're doing. <br><br>You can put up with the little stuff that always will get in the way. Really be able to say, ""I love my job.''","We were driving in the car. And my father was just making conversation and said, ""So, what do you want?"" ""To study?'' I said, ""Um, well, you know, I think I want to study philosophy.'' <br><br>And my mother was a philosopher. So he pulled the car over, looked back at me, and said, ""When you finish your medical residency, you can do anything you want.'' <br><br>You know, I think all immigrant families understand this to an extent, that your parents want you to do something safe. Have a skill that no one can take away from you, no matter what. <br><br>So I ended up being able to do that which I most wanted to do anyway , but I went through it, through the sciences. Following your dreams is one thing, but you're going to be much better at following your dreams if you have some sort of skill. And that paying your dues and getting some sort of rigorous training so that you actually know how to do something is very much worthwhile.","
The narrator initially wanted to pursue a career in medicine but decided to switch to chemistry after taking the MCATs. They are now working on a project involving an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. The narrator finds it fulfilling to work on a project that solves a big problem and believes that loving your job is crucial for success.","
The narrator's father asked what they wanted to study and they said philosophy. Their mother was a philosopher and their father told them to finish their medical residency before pursuing their dreams. Immigrant families want their children to have a safe skill that cannot be taken away. The narrator was able to pursue their dream of studying philosophy after going through rigorous scientific training.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.0
254,"(269, 292)","(0.553, 0.755]","I wanted to do chemistry because I liked it, and I also thought I was going to go to medical school, so that was a constant. I had actually taken the MCATs, which are the entrance to medical school, so I was really going in that direction. <br><br>In my senior year, I decided that was not for me. The reason I came to Sandia and to New Mexico is to work on an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. <br><br>It's very exciting to think of a way of solving a big problem. When you can see that side of any kind of profession, it's incredibly fulfilling. To be successful you really have to love what you're doing. <br><br>You can put up with the little stuff that always will get in the way. Really be able to say, ""I love my job.''","I'm a biology lecturer and special projects coordinator. As I was a child I was an outpatient at Shiners Hospital because I thought I had a curvature in my spine. That was my first interaction as an outpatient with a physical therapist. From there all the way to high school the goal in the head was that was definitely what I was gonna be. <br><br>I decided to go to college and in my junior year going into my senior year, I took a human genetic course for non science majors. And I was in heaven. I also got involved with the research and I figured why not give it a try? So I decided to the research, still doing both. In the end I had to pick one and research was the one I decided to pick. <br><br>We're all young when we start our journeys out. For some of us it's delayed and then we finally come to it after working. But it's always gonna be changing depending on what you experience. You just gotta go whatever the wind blows your way, because you might miss an opportunity. <br><br>If I just said research, forget it, then I would have missed where I am today,","
The narrator initially wanted to pursue a career in medicine but decided to switch to chemistry after taking the MCATs. They are now working on a project involving an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. The narrator finds it fulfilling to work on a project that solves a big problem and believes that loving your job is crucial for success.","
A biology lecturer and special projects coordinator recalls being an outpatient at Shiners Hospital as a child and being inspired by the physical therapist. In college, she discovered a love for human genetics and decided to pursue research over physical therapy. She encourages others to be open to new opportunities and experiences, as they may lead them down unexpected paths.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,4.0,2.5
255,"(269, 313)","(0.553, 0.755]","I wanted to do chemistry because I liked it, and I also thought I was going to go to medical school, so that was a constant. I had actually taken the MCATs, which are the entrance to medical school, so I was really going in that direction. <br><br>In my senior year, I decided that was not for me. The reason I came to Sandia and to New Mexico is to work on an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. <br><br>It's very exciting to think of a way of solving a big problem. When you can see that side of any kind of profession, it's incredibly fulfilling. To be successful you really have to love what you're doing. <br><br>You can put up with the little stuff that always will get in the way. Really be able to say, ""I love my job.''","I went to UC Berkeley and I started out as a philosophy major and an art major. And then I took anthropology. And then I thought, I wanna do theater. And then after I got out, I was like I'm just going to try to get a real job but I wanted to be in a place that felt right and I applied to the Asian art museum. <br><br>I applied for the program assistant position in performing arts, and I have museum experience, I have my anthro background, I have theater. It just kind of came together, and it was totally unplanned. <br><br>The thing is, I never knew a job like what I have now existed or could exist. I just sort of positioned myself with things that really felt right. It's really a matter of instinct on some level and a broad plotting of things. <br><br>I've felt just pretty open about how the future will pan out. Your path is what you make of it. There are positions out there, there are careers out there that you can fit into. But there also things that you can make yourself and you have to just trust that you have something unique to offer and to be consistent with that in your choices.","
The narrator initially wanted to pursue a career in medicine but decided to switch to chemistry after taking the MCATs. They are now working on a project involving an inorganic sponge-like material that cleans up radioactive cesium. The narrator finds it fulfilling to work on a project that solves a big problem and believes that loving your job is crucial for success.","
A UC Berkeley graduate with a background in philosophy, art, anthropology, and theatre found a job at the Asian Art Museum as a program assistant in performing arts. The job was unplanned, but the candidate's diverse experiences and instincts led to a perfect fit. The candidate believes that one can make their own career path by trusting their unique abilities and being consistent in their choices.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,3.0,1.5
256,"(27, 46)","(0.519, 0.553]","I was with Mike, a white male, 45 years old, who was a very good friend from work. We were at a Mexican restaurant where my husband and I go, frequently. There are some very nice people who work there and they all know me by sight and are always smiling and friendly. Mike, along with several other co-workers, and I went to this restaurant because I suggested it would be a great place to have lunch. As usual, everything was going great. The employees were friendly, the food was delicious and the atmosphere was very pleasant. <br><br>Towards the end of our lunch, it started getting really busy. We were almost done eating and wanted to get our sopapillas and our check so we could get back to work. There was a busboy running around trying to keep ahead of all the customers so Mike decides to get the busboy's attention. He yells out, ""Hey, Pedro!"" to this young kid. <br><br>I was absolutely mortified. I asked what the hell he was doing and he said he calls all Hisphanic guys, Pedro. He didn't see anything wrong with it. I did tell him how insensitive his remark was but he thought I was being overly-sensitive. I wanted to crawl under a rock. <br><br>When we were leaving, I apologized to the young busboy and to everyone else I could see. When we got back to work, we continued to discuss the issue and I don't think I ever got through to him. I have never felt the same about him from that day forward. I know he felt the same about me.","Today I got to take part in a celebration to mark Nick & Bec's 20 Anniversary. I was asked to be part of the ceremony by writing and presenting 5 Haikus about their relationship. When I got to the party, I was amazed at the number of old friends of mine that were also attending the event. I knew at least 45 of the 50 or so attendees, although there were some folks I hadn't seen in years. The party gave me an unexpeected chance to catch up with so many of these old friends. It was so nice to see so many people I love and to get to celebrate one of my favorite couples with them all. <br><br>It also was very energizing to have so many friends together and it made me feel very happy and grateful I have so many amazing people in my life. It's hard not to be happy when you realized you are so blessed. <br><br>The ceremony itself was beautiful. Both the bride and groom looked lovely and were happy and upbeat. Everyone seemed to be in a great and appreciative mood and the ceremony went off without a hitch. My haikus were well received, and people laughed and ""ahhhed"" at all the points I had hoped they would. It made me feel very special that I was only 1 of 2 people who had been asked to contribute and speak at the ceremony, and I was grateful I got to contribute. <br><br>After the ceremony, the food and reception were also fabulous. I stayed at the party almost 4 hours before heading home. Even then it was hard to leave because there were so many folks I wanted more time to catch up with. <br><br>I went home happy and energized by all the friendship and love from the night.","
The narrator and her friend Mike went to a Mexican restaurant where they were regulars. During a busy moment, Mike shouted out ""Hey, Pedro!"" to get the attention of a busboy. The narrator was mortified by Mike's insensitive remark and apologized to the busboy and others, but Mike didn't understand why it was wrong and the narrator's relationship with him suffered as a result.","The narrator attended Nick and Bec's 20th Anniversary celebration and was asked to present 5 Haikus about their relationship. They were surprised to see many old friends at the party and enjoyed catching up with them. The ceremony was beautiful and the reception was fabulous, leaving the narrator feeling happy and energized.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.5,2.0
257,"(270, 276)","(0.553, 0.755]","When I got out of college, I went into the Army Reserve, through the Communications Officer. I ended up back in 89 getting a job working for the Air Force Research Laboratory. We worked to make weapons smarter, new technology to be able to kind of carry weapons. <br><br>And so this whole focus was on creating capability. But when you're in the entrepreneurship world and the commercial world, that's a different mindset. When I worked for the government. I could spend the government money on my ideas. But I'm out here as an entrepreneur, I have to spend my own money. So that was hard for me, to try to get that switch going on. <br><br>My approach, and what I always tell people is you have to start connecting, networking. And a lot of people thinks that's hard , but it is not really hard. It's just a matter of meeting people, and let them know what you do or what you wanna do.","I am co-founder and CEO of a company called Commit. I come from a non-entrepreneurial, almost not even business-focused background. I started school in the mindset of I wanna be a doctor. When I got to college, I sat there and I'm like, okay, going into medicine is a huge commitment. It's actually not really something that drives me. In school, I realized that what made me really happy and passionate and motivated me was working in teams to solve problems. That kind of was really nebulous for me at the time of how you turn that into a career, until I found consulting. It didn't force me to choose one career, it allowed me to continue exploring, and trying different things. <br><br>I did not think I was ever going to be an entrepreneur. I left consulting to go to school, get my Masters. Commit started while I was still in school. I graduated less than two months ago, and have been working on my startup full time since then. I'm 28 now and I still haven't answered for myself, what do I wanna be when I grow up? <br><br>As long as you just don't close a door and burn a bridge, the options will always be there.","
The writer worked for the Army Reserve and later for the Air Force Research Laboratory on creating smarter weapons. However, transitioning to entrepreneurship was difficult as they had to spend their own money instead of using government funds. They advise networking and connecting with people to succeed in entrepreneurship.","The CEO of Commit comes from a non-business background and initially wanted to be a doctor. However, in college, they discovered their passion for working in teams to solve problems and found a career in consulting. Despite never thinking of themselves as an entrepreneur, they co-founded Commit while in school and now work on it full-time after graduating with a Masters. They believe that as long as you keep your options open, opportunities will always be there.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,2.0
258,"(271, 285)","(0.553, 0.755]","I got jumped into a gang. And I was either gonna end up pregnant or in jail or dead or I was gonna be able to change my life. So my sister one day, she begged me and begged me. She goes, ""Come to this photography class that they're having for the summer.'' <br><br>So I started with the photography class. I was so happy with what I was doing that I didn't have time to be miserable on the street or miserable drinking or miserable going in a downward spiral. I had purpose. <br><br>They made me feel like me being there was very significant, that if I wasn't here, it was gonna be different. I struggle to this day, and this is why I push school to kids. I said, ""Do what you gotta do so that when you're ready to do what you wanna do, you're able to.''","I worked in an office, and every place that I worked at I ended up computerizing. I ended up starting a company in manufacturing. But I always knew that I was meant to do something to help other people. <br><br>And I was in Niger. And there was a little girl that came up to me with flies on her face. And I just felt that that's intolerable. That could have been my granddaughter. How could I not do something? <br><br>I think that I have the opportunity to live what I think should be the American Dream, when what I think should be the American Dream is that we use these resources, we use these talents, to help those that didn't get that.","
A young woman was faced with a bleak future of jail, death, or pregnancy until her sister convinced her to attend a photography class. The class gave her a sense of purpose and kept her away from negative influences. She now encourages others to focus on education so that they can pursue their passions later in life.","
The protagonist computerized offices before starting a manufacturing company, but always felt the need to help others. While in Niger, a little girl with flies on her face inspired the protagonist to take action. The protagonist believes that the American Dream should involve using resources and talents to help those in need.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
259,"(271, 307)","(0.553, 0.755]","I got jumped into a gang. And I was either gonna end up pregnant or in jail or dead or I was gonna be able to change my life. So my sister one day, she begged me and begged me. She goes, ""Come to this photography class that they're having for the summer.'' <br><br>So I started with the photography class. I was so happy with what I was doing that I didn't have time to be miserable on the street or miserable drinking or miserable going in a downward spiral. I had purpose. <br><br>They made me feel like me being there was very significant, that if I wasn't here, it was gonna be different. I struggle to this day, and this is why I push school to kids. I said, ""Do what you gotta do so that when you're ready to do what you wanna do, you're able to.''","In college, I was figuring my life out. I didn't have an exact plan in terms of what I wanted to do. Everybody that acted in the capacity of a guidance counselor to me helped mold me into where I am today. <br><br>For instance, when I was in high school, my guidance counselor told me, Chris, based on what I know about you, I know you love to be in big cities. I know you love to study human behavior and psychology. <br><br>We discussed where I might end up in college, so I chose to go to NYU based on that feedback. And when I got my first job in marketing analytics, it's when I realized that hey, this is really cool, I actually really like this. <br><br>Don't feel like you have to know all the answers right now. The more strict you are in terms of what you think you want to do, plus options you'll have. So think outside the box and keep an open mind.","
A young woman was faced with a bleak future of jail, death, or pregnancy until her sister convinced her to attend a photography class. The class gave her a sense of purpose and kept her away from negative influences. She now encourages others to focus on education so that they can pursue their passions later in life.","
The author did not have a clear plan for their future in college. Guidance counselors helped shape their career path by suggesting they attend NYU based on their interests. The author encourages readers to keep an open mind and not limit themselves when considering career options.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,2.5,2.5
260,"(273, 292)","(0.553, 0.755]","I look back to when I was 30 and I think, ""Wow I really didn't know anything then.'' <br><br>And then I look back to when I was 25 and I say, ""I really didn't know much then.'' <br><br>And I realize that all I've been doing up to this point is learning. <br><br>And I think that the goal for anyone starting out is not to focus on exactly what the job is, exactly where you want to go, but doing something that you really like. <br><br>It really will work out.","I'm a biology lecturer and special projects coordinator. As I was a child I was an outpatient at Shiners Hospital because I thought I had a curvature in my spine. That was my first interaction as an outpatient with a physical therapist. From there all the way to high school the goal in the head was that was definitely what I was gonna be. <br><br>I decided to go to college and in my junior year going into my senior year, I took a human genetic course for non science majors. And I was in heaven. I also got involved with the research and I figured why not give it a try? So I decided to the research, still doing both. In the end I had to pick one and research was the one I decided to pick. <br><br>We're all young when we start our journeys out. For some of us it's delayed and then we finally come to it after working. But it's always gonna be changing depending on what you experience. You just gotta go whatever the wind blows your way, because you might miss an opportunity. <br><br>If I just said research, forget it, then I would have missed where I am today,","
The writer reflects on their past and realizes that they have been constantly learning. They believe that the goal for anyone starting out is to do something they enjoy, rather than focusing on specific job or career goals. They believe that doing something you like will ultimately lead to success.","
A biology lecturer and special projects coordinator recalls being an outpatient at Shiners Hospital as a child and being inspired by the physical therapist. In college, she discovered a love for human genetics and decided to pursue research over physical therapy. She encourages others to be open to new opportunities and experiences, as they may lead them down unexpected paths.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
261,"(274, 297)","(0.553, 0.755]","I took a really non-conventional path to get where I am. I was not a model high school student, and when I finished high school, I just decided I was gonna join the Air Force, and get myself out of the neighborhood I lived in. And that was how I was gonna find myself. <br><br>I wasn't sure that I really wanted to go to school. I wasn't sure that I wanted to go to college. What I was concerned about in high school was playing sports and just kinda having fun, and I wasn't really planning for the future. <br><br>I think that's something that a lot of the kids that I work with now are running into which really helps me now because I can relate to that. You don't have to know. You don't have to know right away. Just find out what you like and try to see what surrounds that. Like how can you embed what you like to do, what makes you happy into your life.","I had these two worlds where I was in science and then I was also interested in just science fiction. I couldn't quite reconcile the two, I still almost get a little strange feeling in my stomach like knots. Those couple years after college I felt stalled. I wasn't sure what I wanted to do. <br><br>And I don't want to go back and relive those two years. But I got through it. I do think it's important to have clear goals in mind. You can always change your goal. You don't have to suffer if something isn't working out and quitting something once in a while is okay. <br><br>Because there may be something around the corner that's waiting for you and you'll miss it otherwise. And have faith that you will be able to express yourself successfully within those goals.","
The author had a non-traditional path to success, joining the Air Force after high school to escape their neighborhood. They were not focused on planning for the future in high school and can relate to the struggles of the kids they work with. They advise finding what makes you happy and embedding it into your life.","
The author struggled to reconcile their interests in science and science fiction, feeling stalled after college. Despite feeling knots in their stomach, they eventually got through it and learned the importance of having clear goals and being willing to change them. They encourage having faith in oneself and not being afraid to quit something that isn't working out in order to find something better.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.5,3.0
262,"(275, 283)","(0.553, 0.755]","I thought I was gonna be a professional dancer. I'd come home at 10 PM and I would be really tired physically and mentally, and I just kind of decided, I don't wanna do that any more. I transitioned into creative writing and, probably one of the best decisions I ever made in my life, because ultimately that led me here. <br><br>This was the second job I applied to, out of 43 jobs. I get to make sure that the products that come to me are in a very specific format, that I can make sure it gets all of the approvals from all of the people they need to get approvals from. <br><br>Ultimately I still use my dance skills. One of the main things we learned about was improvisation. I use that all the time. I got to be the most nit-picky grammar nerd ever. They let me talk about hyphens and dashes like nobody's business. <br><br>When it comes down to like, you have to take this path or whatever to be an engineer or an architect or a scientist or a writer or literary agent or an actor or anything like that, I don't see a lot of people who do that.","I grew up in New York City. My mom was a schoolteacher in Harlem in the South Bronx. When I was 15, I graduated early from high school and spent a year working with my mom in Harlem as a school teacher, as a paraprofessional school teacher. <br><br>We weren't from a really wealthy family or anything, but we had educational privilege. As a teacher you see the rewards of working with individual kids and you see the inequality and unfairness all the time. <br><br>So, I was really aware of the fundamental injustice in our society but I felt a responsibility to do something with all the privilege that I had.","
The narrator initially pursued a career in dancing but eventually decided to transition into creative writing. They landed their current job, which involves ensuring products meet certain criteria and obtaining necessary approvals. Despite the change in career, the narrator still utilizes skills learned in dance, such as improvisation, and enjoys their role as a grammar enthusiast.","
The author grew up in New York City and worked with their mother as a paraprofessional school teacher in Harlem after graduating high school at 15. Despite not being from a wealthy family, they recognized the inequality and unfairness in society and felt a responsibility to use their educational privilege to make a difference.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,2.0,2.5
263,"(275, 295)","(0.553, 0.755]","I thought I was gonna be a professional dancer. I'd come home at 10 PM and I would be really tired physically and mentally, and I just kind of decided, I don't wanna do that any more. I transitioned into creative writing and, probably one of the best decisions I ever made in my life, because ultimately that led me here. <br><br>This was the second job I applied to, out of 43 jobs. I get to make sure that the products that come to me are in a very specific format, that I can make sure it gets all of the approvals from all of the people they need to get approvals from. <br><br>Ultimately I still use my dance skills. One of the main things we learned about was improvisation. I use that all the time. I got to be the most nit-picky grammar nerd ever. They let me talk about hyphens and dashes like nobody's business. <br><br>When it comes down to like, you have to take this path or whatever to be an engineer or an architect or a scientist or a writer or literary agent or an actor or anything like that, I don't see a lot of people who do that.","I was born and raised in Hong Kong. After I graduated from high school, I moved to California for college and I went to UC Davis. My parents advised me, you have three choices with your career, you can either be a doctor, or a lawyer, or an engineer. And thank God I chose engineer, because I fell in love with it. <br><br>I didn't think about going to an insurance industry. I had specific companies in mind that I wanted to work for related to chemical engineering. But then, when I stumbled upon FM Global, I was immediately hooked that I get to work with different risk managers and different facilities. So I thought that was the best opportunity that I could give myself to open my horizon a little bit. <br><br>So what I am doing now is heading up the cyber unit here in FM Global to make sure that we have the adequate engineering products and services so that we can offer our clients the best risk management solutions for cyber. <br><br>So we have been burning things up in a lab. We do explosions , we do shake tables for an earthquake , we fill rooms with water to test our flood barriers. But it's really time now to come up with a tool to help our clients to mitigate cyber risk as well. So I'm really excited to be part of that innovation team just to start up something new.","
The narrator initially pursued a career in dancing but eventually decided to transition into creative writing. They landed their current job, which involves ensuring products meet certain criteria and obtaining necessary approvals. Despite the change in career, the narrator still utilizes skills learned in dance, such as improvisation, and enjoys their role as a grammar enthusiast.","
The narrator was born and raised in Hong Kong, but moved to California for college where they studied engineering. They didn't plan on working in the insurance industry, but after discovering FM Global, they fell in love with the opportunity to work with different risk managers and facilities. They now head up the cyber unit at FM Global and are excited to be part of the innovation team developing new tools to mitigate cyber risk.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
264,"(276, 277)","(0.519, 0.553]","I am co-founder and CEO of a company called Commit. I come from a non-entrepreneurial, almost not even business-focused background. I started school in the mindset of I wanna be a doctor. When I got to college, I sat there and I'm like, okay, going into medicine is a huge commitment. It's actually not really something that drives me. In school, I realized that what made me really happy and passionate and motivated me was working in teams to solve problems. That kind of was really nebulous for me at the time of how you turn that into a career, until I found consulting. It didn't force me to choose one career, it allowed me to continue exploring, and trying different things. <br><br>I did not think I was ever going to be an entrepreneur. I left consulting to go to school, get my Masters. Commit started while I was still in school. I graduated less than two months ago, and have been working on my startup full time since then. I'm 28 now and I still haven't answered for myself, what do I wanna be when I grow up? <br><br>As long as you just don't close a door and burn a bridge, the options will always be there.","We were driving in the car. And my father was just making conversation and said, ""So, what do you want?"" ""To study?'' I said, ""Um, well, you know, I think I want to study philosophy.'' <br><br>And my mother was a philosopher. So he pulled the car over, looked back at me, and said, ""When you finish your medical residency, you can do anything you want.'' <br><br>You know, I think all immigrant families understand this to an extent, that your parents want you to do something safe. Have a skill that no one can take away from you, no matter what. <br><br>So I ended up being able to do that which I most wanted to do anyway , but I went through it, through the sciences. Following your dreams is one thing, but you're going to be much better at following your dreams if you have some sort of skill. And that paying your dues and getting some sort of rigorous training so that you actually know how to do something is very much worthwhile.","The CEO of Commit comes from a non-business background and initially wanted to be a doctor. However, in college, they discovered their passion for working in teams to solve problems and found a career in consulting. Despite never thinking of themselves as an entrepreneur, they co-founded Commit while in school and now work on it full-time after graduating with a Masters. They believe that as long as you keep your options open, opportunities will always be there.","
The narrator's father asked what they wanted to study and they said philosophy. Their mother was a philosopher and their father told them to finish their medical residency before pursuing their dreams. Immigrant families want their children to have a safe skill that cannot be taken away. The narrator was able to pursue their dream of studying philosophy after going through rigorous scientific training.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.5
265,"(279, 283)","(0.553, 0.755]","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","I grew up in New York City. My mom was a schoolteacher in Harlem in the South Bronx. When I was 15, I graduated early from high school and spent a year working with my mom in Harlem as a school teacher, as a paraprofessional school teacher. <br><br>We weren't from a really wealthy family or anything, but we had educational privilege. As a teacher you see the rewards of working with individual kids and you see the inequality and unfairness all the time. <br><br>So, I was really aware of the fundamental injustice in our society but I felt a responsibility to do something with all the privilege that I had.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.","
The author grew up in New York City and worked with their mother as a paraprofessional school teacher in Harlem after graduating high school at 15. Despite not being from a wealthy family, they recognized the inequality and unfairness in society and felt a responsibility to use their educational privilege to make a difference.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.0,3.0
266,"(279, 291)","(0.553, 0.755]","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","I just completed an associates degree at Hawaii Community College last year. It took me ten years because I did it part time. And that was way after I finished my PhD in biology. <br><br>The tendency is to make it look like there is a golden path, and it's your job to find it. That's not true. I found my true identity incrementally. With all of my Japanese knowledge, I had left a chunk of me behind in my journey. So I had this big task of having to integrate myself so that I can function as one whole person. <br><br>You have to go through a bit of a soul searching thing. That's why doing something like Hawaiian studies aligns you a little bit, recognizing who you are, where you come from.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.","
The speaker completed an associate's degree at Hawaii Community College after ten years of part-time study, following the completion of their PhD in biology. They found their true identity incrementally and had to integrate different parts of themselves. They suggest that doing something like Hawaiian studies can align you with who you are and where you come from.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,1.5,2.0
267,"(279, 299)","(0.553, 0.755]","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","I got my commercial fishing license because we had no other way to make money. I ended up living on Nantucket for four more years and building a business. <br><br>Two or three years into Nantucket Nectars, my parents were like, ""You're starting a juice company? Are you kidding me? What do you mean you're starting a juice company? Who starts a juice company?'' <br><br>No one could have ever predicted my path.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.","
The author got a commercial fishing license to make money and ended up building a business on Nantucket. Despite doubts from their parents, the author started a juice company, which became successful. The author's journey was unpredictable.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,3.5
268,"(28, 134)","(0.553, 0.755]","Monday my daughter started “Big Girl School”!!! She has official entered Kindergarten! Being in school isn’t new to her though. She has been in Pre-K for a year so she is used to getting up, putting on a uniform and even being around the big kids. She was very excited to start Kindergarten. <br><br>i however am not ready for her to be so ready. She went to bed early at 7PM and the lights went off! I woke her up to our traditional “Wake Up Song”. I’ve been singing her this song since she was a baby, this stirs up the emotions knowing she is now a ""big kid"" Sometimes she sings along…sometimes she pulls the covers over her head. <br><br>I also got up early to cook breakfast. Our daily breakfast consists of egg whites, turkey bacon and fruit. Every once in a while I will let her eat her favorite cereal but we keep it healthy! She only ate a little bit. I reckon she was nervous. <br><br>So we grabbed her sparkly book bag, lunch box that looks like a purse and her huge shopping bag of school supplies and headed to school. I am very blessed that her school is only 5 minutes from our home. We got there in no time and I walked her inside. <br><br>The teachers had the kids sectioned off in the cafeteria by grade. I went to give her a kiss before she sat down and she covered her face!!! Later she told me that other kids would make fun of her. BUT ITS THE FIRST DAY OF KINDERGARTEN!!! <br><br>Looks like my baby girl is already grown!!!","I was at the checkout this morning, waiting behind a mom and her 4/5 year old daughter. She had a cart full of Halloween decorations. Cutesy things like plush pumpkins and wreaths and scarecrows. The mom was at the end of the counter sorting out her reusable shopping bags. <br><br>The child was unloading the cart. She was just jumping with excitement. The level in the cart got so low that the kid couldn't reach over the edge. So she did what any kid would do. She climbed the side. The cart started to tip, so I reached out to steady it. <br><br>I guess Mom caught my movement out of the corner of her eye, because she whipped around, grabbed the kid, and started scolding her. Which, understandable. I startled her and her kid scared her. She stands the kid on the ground and starts emptying the cart. <br><br>And this is where it starts to go off the rails.....The kid is watching with such a look of longing on her face. It was pitiful. The mom completely ignores her. Like she's not even there. Now, me. I would've done one of two or three things. I would've braced that cart with my feet and invited her to climb on up and have at it. Or picked the kid up and put her in the cart so she could hand things out. Or, at the very least, handed the things from the cart to the kid to put on the counter. <br><br>So, when the mom turns towards the cashier, the kid starts climbing the cart again. Mom catches her again and scolds more harshly. Now the kid is standing there, staring at the floor, trying not to cry. Mom is doing the ignoring thing again. I'm trying not to notice. <br><br>Then, the thing that absolutely burned my bacon...Last thing mom picked up out of the cart is this gorgeous child's Halloween mask. It's got fake painted lashes and adorable makeup and is trimmed around the edges with fluffy little feathers. Mom holds it in her hand, looks at the kid and says, ""You didn't really want this anyway, did you?"" In this bored, mean girl kind of voice. <br><br>And the kid just looks at the mask. Follows with her eyes as mom puts it back on the shelf. I've never wanted to slap someone so much in my life. Poor kid.","
The author's daughter started Kindergarten after spending a year in Pre-K, and was excited to start. The author, however, was emotional about her daughter growing up so fast. They had a traditional breakfast and went to school, but the daughter was nervous and didn't want to be kissed goodbye in front of other kids who might make fun of her.","A mother and her young daughter were at the checkout with a cart full of Halloween decorations. The daughter was excitedly unloading the cart and climbed the side of it, causing it to tip. The mother scolded the child and then ignored her as she longingly watched the items being emptied from the cart. The mother then cruelly told the child that she didn't really want a beautiful Halloween mask, causing the child to look crestfallen.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.5,1.0
269,"(28, 81)","(0.553, 0.755]","Monday my daughter started “Big Girl School”!!! She has official entered Kindergarten! Being in school isn’t new to her though. She has been in Pre-K for a year so she is used to getting up, putting on a uniform and even being around the big kids. She was very excited to start Kindergarten. <br><br>i however am not ready for her to be so ready. She went to bed early at 7PM and the lights went off! I woke her up to our traditional “Wake Up Song”. I’ve been singing her this song since she was a baby, this stirs up the emotions knowing she is now a ""big kid"" Sometimes she sings along…sometimes she pulls the covers over her head. <br><br>I also got up early to cook breakfast. Our daily breakfast consists of egg whites, turkey bacon and fruit. Every once in a while I will let her eat her favorite cereal but we keep it healthy! She only ate a little bit. I reckon she was nervous. <br><br>So we grabbed her sparkly book bag, lunch box that looks like a purse and her huge shopping bag of school supplies and headed to school. I am very blessed that her school is only 5 minutes from our home. We got there in no time and I walked her inside. <br><br>The teachers had the kids sectioned off in the cafeteria by grade. I went to give her a kiss before she sat down and she covered her face!!! Later she told me that other kids would make fun of her. BUT ITS THE FIRST DAY OF KINDERGARTEN!!! <br><br>Looks like my baby girl is already grown!!!","Today I went to meet another newborn. With flowers for mom and gift for baby in hand, I made my way through the hospital hallways, recalling the memories of the birth of my own baby, my now two year old and husband walking alongside me. <br><br>In the past few months, the baby fever has overwhelmed me, made me giddy with excitement, and brought me to tears. After a very difficult and traumatic labor and delivery two years back, I never thought I would want another one so soon. But here I was walking in the hallways, past the nursery, the faint echo of brand-new baby cries lingering into my heart. <br><br>It seemed like everyone near and dear to me was either pregnant, or just had a brand new baby, something I long for so bad. But I know, realistically, right now would not be the ideal time for cradles and bibs. That time, I know, is so close, but seemingly so far away. <br><br>There are things that must be done to prepare; the unchecked list runs through my head every single day. My body needs to be 20-30 pounds lighter. We need to figure out a few financial things. I need to get my dentist work done first. I need to read all the books and do all the research. My husband, also with his own worries and fears, needs to be on the same page. <br><br>Somehow my many ""needs"" have put my one major ""want"" on hold, and it's resulted in a sin called envy. I greet another tired mama, stare at another sweet sleeping babe, and hand in hand with my husband, walk out the door. <br><br>We get into the car, and I let out a heavy, longing sigh. My husband, looks me straight in the eyes. ""What?"" I ask. He doesn't speak, just gives me a small smile. We speak to each other without speaking. I smile back as tears fall down my cheeks. <br><br>I close my eyes and the list appears. Check. My heart is content.","
The author's daughter started Kindergarten after spending a year in Pre-K, and was excited to start. The author, however, was emotional about her daughter growing up so fast. They had a traditional breakfast and went to school, but the daughter was nervous and didn't want to be kissed goodbye in front of other kids who might make fun of her.","The author visits a hospital to meet a newborn and their mother, which brings back memories of their own child's birth. Despite feeling overwhelmed with baby fever, the author knows that now is not the ideal time for another child and there are things that need to be done to prepare. Despite feeling envious of other new mothers, the author's husband reassures them and they both silently communicate their desire for another child.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.0,3.5
270,"(28, 93)","(0.519, 0.553]","Monday my daughter started “Big Girl School”!!! She has official entered Kindergarten! Being in school isn’t new to her though. She has been in Pre-K for a year so she is used to getting up, putting on a uniform and even being around the big kids. She was very excited to start Kindergarten. <br><br>i however am not ready for her to be so ready. She went to bed early at 7PM and the lights went off! I woke her up to our traditional “Wake Up Song”. I’ve been singing her this song since she was a baby, this stirs up the emotions knowing she is now a ""big kid"" Sometimes she sings along…sometimes she pulls the covers over her head. <br><br>I also got up early to cook breakfast. Our daily breakfast consists of egg whites, turkey bacon and fruit. Every once in a while I will let her eat her favorite cereal but we keep it healthy! She only ate a little bit. I reckon she was nervous. <br><br>So we grabbed her sparkly book bag, lunch box that looks like a purse and her huge shopping bag of school supplies and headed to school. I am very blessed that her school is only 5 minutes from our home. We got there in no time and I walked her inside. <br><br>The teachers had the kids sectioned off in the cafeteria by grade. I went to give her a kiss before she sat down and she covered her face!!! Later she told me that other kids would make fun of her. BUT ITS THE FIRST DAY OF KINDERGARTEN!!! <br><br>Looks like my baby girl is already grown!!!","Leah, my 4 year old, began pre-school. I was already a nervous wreck, because she and I had to get up early to go see my oldest daughter do her ""Senior Walk"", where all of the seniors walk into school on the first day behind their principal and all of us parents are on the sides cheering and yelling and crying and it is over in 5 minutes. I was worried about Leah having to get up early and us driving to the high school, finding a parking spot and then getting back to her school and having her into her classroom on time. We had no problem getting back to her school in time. <br><br>My plan was to park and walk my little girl to her class, but on the car ride over, she declared that she wanted to be dropped off and walk into the school by herself, because she was a big girl. I was sad. When we got to her school, and I pulled into the car rider ramp, she was greeted by her sisters' old teachers with big hugs and they walked her into the building. I cried ugly tears. She did it with such confidence and the kindness shown by the other teachers reassured me that she was going to be okay. <br><br>She is my miracle baby and for 4 years, I have had her to myself while everyone else is at school and work. It has been her and I running errands and going to the park and Disney Channel on all day. Now, I come home to an empty house and I miss her. I miss having her eat lunch with me and I walked into the mall without her and felt like someone was going to ask me for id when I walked into the kids section of a store. I didn't get begged to go into Build a Bear or get a Frappucino from Starbucks and have to wait for her to jump on all of the squares in the tile flooring. <br><br>She is adjusting well to her new school schedule and I have time to watch stupid shows like 90 Day Fiance. I guess I will make it, it will be starting all over with her, and I am scared, but she thinks she is ready, and that is more of what matters.","
The author's daughter started Kindergarten after spending a year in Pre-K, and was excited to start. The author, however, was emotional about her daughter growing up so fast. They had a traditional breakfast and went to school, but the daughter was nervous and didn't want to be kissed goodbye in front of other kids who might make fun of her.","
The author's 4-year-old daughter started pre-school and they had to attend her oldest daughter's Senior Walk. On the way to pre-school, the daughter wanted to walk in by herself, which made the author sad. However, the daughter was welcomed by her sister's old teachers and walked into the building with confidence, reassuring the author that she will be okay.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.0
271,"(281, 286)","(0.553, 0.755]","I grew up in Honduras. I was always dreaming, my mind was always dreaming. I knew that I didn't wanna be a doctor, that I didn't wanna be a lawyer. <br><br>When I was eight years old, I was making caramels to sell in school, and today I'm making the same thing. <br><br>So when you see yourself, what you did when you were little -- what you really enjoyed doing -- just go back to that age. <br><br>The point is really enjoying what you do. And it's not so much about money -- of course money counts -- but when you enjoy what you like to do, you work so hard that eventually the money is gonna come because hard work is paid.","One of the things my parents always taught me was to always take pride in your work, regardless if it's cleaning toilets. Even though I was working just at the mall, I still took a lot of pride in work and being a holiday cashier. Eventually they kept me on, it ended up being something I fell in love with. 27 years later, I'm still here. <br><br>When I left my hometown I was 21. I was moving to Los Angeles, I had just finished college. My aunt was talking very negatively about my decision, you're gonna fail, you're gonna come back crawling, anything you can imagine that would be demotivating. I didn't talk back to her, but I internalized a lot of her negativity and processed it more as empowerment. <br><br>It's interesting because many years later the whole family knows what I do for a living now and even she has said I am so proud of you. And I said to her, you're part of the reason that I made it, because your non-belief in me actually pushed me just as hard as the people that did believe in me. <br><br>So don't ever let anyone that doesn't believe in you affect your strength, just channel that energy in a very positive way.","The author grew up in Honduras and knew from a young age that they didn't want to be a doctor or lawyer. At eight years old, they made caramels to sell in school and still make them today. The author believes in enjoying what you do and working hard, and that the money will eventually come.","The narrator was taught to take pride in their work, even if it's something seemingly small like being a holiday cashier. They ended up falling in love with the job and have been doing it for 27 years. Despite their aunt's negativity about their move to Los Angeles, the narrator used it as motivation and eventually succeeded, even gaining their aunt's pride.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.5,3.5,4.0
272,"(281, 289)","(0.519, 0.553]","I grew up in Honduras. I was always dreaming, my mind was always dreaming. I knew that I didn't wanna be a doctor, that I didn't wanna be a lawyer. <br><br>When I was eight years old, I was making caramels to sell in school, and today I'm making the same thing. <br><br>So when you see yourself, what you did when you were little -- what you really enjoyed doing -- just go back to that age. <br><br>The point is really enjoying what you do. And it's not so much about money -- of course money counts -- but when you enjoy what you like to do, you work so hard that eventually the money is gonna come because hard work is paid.","Bret and I were always interested in breaking things. We would go to pay phones and cut the wire, then go back later and clip it back and get all the change that it saved up and do stuff like that. I think that's probably what really motivated me to go into how can I make this a career? I switched my major five times. After that I got into some physical security and did some physical stuff for a while. And then got into federal and state and local and then convinced them to let me do some testing. And that's where all the professional hacker stuff started coming into play. <br><br>And with that experience it opened up doorways to other things. So eventually I got on at Solutionary and went and got Bret on and we're still doing the same thing we did when we were 13 years old, but doing it without the risk of getting arrested. I said it was always a hobby, but it was also my dream job, but at the time I wasn't really sure how to make that switch, because I didn't necessarily go to college specifically for that. I didn't get a degree in computer science. I actually got a degree in graphic design. <br><br>And once I got to a certain level, a friend let me know that where he worked at Solutionary was hiring and it just kind of went from there. So one day I was a web and graphic designer and project manager and then the next day I was a security consultant.","The author grew up in Honduras and knew from a young age that they didn't want to be a doctor or lawyer. At eight years old, they made caramels to sell in school and still make them today. The author believes in enjoying what you do and working hard, and that the money will eventually come.","
The narrator and his friend Bret enjoyed breaking things from a young age, which led to his interest in pursuing a career in hacking. He switched his major multiple times before getting into physical security and eventually federal, state, and local testing, which opened up opportunities for professional hacking. He eventually landed a job at Solutionary, where he transitioned from being a web and graphic designer to a security consultant.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.5,3.0
273,"(285, 306)","(0.553, 0.755]","I worked in an office, and every place that I worked at I ended up computerizing. I ended up starting a company in manufacturing. But I always knew that I was meant to do something to help other people. <br><br>And I was in Niger. And there was a little girl that came up to me with flies on her face. And I just felt that that's intolerable. That could have been my granddaughter. How could I not do something? <br><br>I think that I have the opportunity to live what I think should be the American Dream, when what I think should be the American Dream is that we use these resources, we use these talents, to help those that didn't get that.","I grew up with a mom as an artist. She was a landscape photographer, so every summer for about one month we would travel somewhere fairly remote. We started just going to different places in the United States, and when I was 10 or 11, we started leaving the country every year. That gave me this time and space for a month at least every year to soak up nature. <br><br>I traveled to Greenland in 2006 for the first time with my family, and at the time, climate change was really not a topic of discussion here in the United States, as it is today. I just didn't realize how huge of a crisis it was, and it made me realize I wanted to focus my work on those issues. <br><br>Climate change is such a distant concept for most of us, because it's not happening in our everyday lives. It's like this slow train wreck and it disengages us. You get scared, and shocked, and overwhelmed, and then you don't know what to do. <br><br>A lot of studies have shown that we make decisions, and we take actions based on our emotions more than anything else. You can write the word glacier and you can describe it. If you see an image of a glacier it's an experience. <br><br>I'm trying to encourage people with positivity and hope. If you fall in love with something, you wanna protect it. You wanna do what's the best for it.","
The protagonist computerized offices before starting a manufacturing company, but always felt the need to help others. While in Niger, a little girl with flies on her face inspired the protagonist to take action. The protagonist believes that the American Dream should involve using resources and talents to help those in need.","
The author's mother was a landscape photographer, and every summer they would travel somewhere remote to capture nature. A trip to Greenland in 2006 made the author realize the severity of climate change and inspired them to focus on environmental issues in their work. The author believes that people make decisions based on their emotions, and hopes to inspire positivity and love for nature in order to encourage others to protect it.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
274,"(285, 312)","(0.553, 0.755]","I worked in an office, and every place that I worked at I ended up computerizing. I ended up starting a company in manufacturing. But I always knew that I was meant to do something to help other people. <br><br>And I was in Niger. And there was a little girl that came up to me with flies on her face. And I just felt that that's intolerable. That could have been my granddaughter. How could I not do something? <br><br>I think that I have the opportunity to live what I think should be the American Dream, when what I think should be the American Dream is that we use these resources, we use these talents, to help those that didn't get that.","If you told me, yeah I'm gonna move to New Orleans, and take over an abandoned iron factory, and start a design studio and travel around and write about cities, who plans for that? Things just happen. I didn't know what graphic design was as a discipline until much later, probably halfway through college. <br><br>I think I wasted a lot of time expecting there to be some sort of white light moment where, oh the sky is parted and now I'm inspired and I'm gonna work for two weeks straight and get this thing done. It's so easy to be like, well I'm not inspired today, I'll go do something else. But you have got to put the work in. You've still got to structure yourself. <br><br>I spent so much of my 20s being like, when is the magic gonna strike or something like that. Time is short, and there's gonna be no magic moment where you're like, now is the time to do it. Like that's just not gonna happen. No one's gonna come to the rescue and say all right, that dream you have, we're gonna start now. I spent a lot of time waiting for that to happen, it doesn't happen.","
The protagonist computerized offices before starting a manufacturing company, but always felt the need to help others. While in Niger, a little girl with flies on her face inspired the protagonist to take action. The protagonist believes that the American Dream should involve using resources and talents to help those in need.","The author reflects on their journey towards starting a design studio in New Orleans and realizing the importance of putting work in and structuring oneself. They admit to wasting time waiting for a magical moment of inspiration that never came, and emphasize the need to take action and pursue dreams without relying on outside forces.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,1.5,1.5
275,"(288, 292)","(0.553, 0.755]","I started off thinking I wanted to be a lawyer. I don't think I would have expected to be running a company, much less a global education company. Obviously, that decision has paid off in the sense that Kaplan has provided all kinds of opportunities for me. <br><br>But it wouldn't have happened if I hadn't been willing to say, I'm gonna step off of one track, take a step back and build a new trajectory. That decision really was the crucial one in my career. I felt that I wanted a different path and it's been great because that's what I wanted. <br><br>And when you do what you wanna do, what you're passionate about, you're gonna be more successful. So you wanna listen to people, you wanna hear their advice, but you gotta be willing to make your own decision about your own life. <br><br>If you pursue the things that matter most to you, you're gonna maximize your chances of being successful.","I'm a biology lecturer and special projects coordinator. As I was a child I was an outpatient at Shiners Hospital because I thought I had a curvature in my spine. That was my first interaction as an outpatient with a physical therapist. From there all the way to high school the goal in the head was that was definitely what I was gonna be. <br><br>I decided to go to college and in my junior year going into my senior year, I took a human genetic course for non science majors. And I was in heaven. I also got involved with the research and I figured why not give it a try? So I decided to the research, still doing both. In the end I had to pick one and research was the one I decided to pick. <br><br>We're all young when we start our journeys out. For some of us it's delayed and then we finally come to it after working. But it's always gonna be changing depending on what you experience. You just gotta go whatever the wind blows your way, because you might miss an opportunity. <br><br>If I just said research, forget it, then I would have missed where I am today,","The author initially wanted to become a lawyer but ended up running a global education company, Kaplan. They credit their success to the willingness to step off one track and build a new trajectory, pursuing what they are passionate about. The author advises others to listen to advice but ultimately make their own decisions and pursue what matters most to them to maximize their chances of success.","
A biology lecturer and special projects coordinator recalls being an outpatient at Shiners Hospital as a child and being inspired by the physical therapist. In college, she discovered a love for human genetics and decided to pursue research over physical therapy. She encourages others to be open to new opportunities and experiences, as they may lead them down unexpected paths.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.5
276,"(288, 297)","(0.553, 0.755]","I started off thinking I wanted to be a lawyer. I don't think I would have expected to be running a company, much less a global education company. Obviously, that decision has paid off in the sense that Kaplan has provided all kinds of opportunities for me. <br><br>But it wouldn't have happened if I hadn't been willing to say, I'm gonna step off of one track, take a step back and build a new trajectory. That decision really was the crucial one in my career. I felt that I wanted a different path and it's been great because that's what I wanted. <br><br>And when you do what you wanna do, what you're passionate about, you're gonna be more successful. So you wanna listen to people, you wanna hear their advice, but you gotta be willing to make your own decision about your own life. <br><br>If you pursue the things that matter most to you, you're gonna maximize your chances of being successful.","I had these two worlds where I was in science and then I was also interested in just science fiction. I couldn't quite reconcile the two, I still almost get a little strange feeling in my stomach like knots. Those couple years after college I felt stalled. I wasn't sure what I wanted to do. <br><br>And I don't want to go back and relive those two years. But I got through it. I do think it's important to have clear goals in mind. You can always change your goal. You don't have to suffer if something isn't working out and quitting something once in a while is okay. <br><br>Because there may be something around the corner that's waiting for you and you'll miss it otherwise. And have faith that you will be able to express yourself successfully within those goals.","The author initially wanted to become a lawyer but ended up running a global education company, Kaplan. They credit their success to the willingness to step off one track and build a new trajectory, pursuing what they are passionate about. The author advises others to listen to advice but ultimately make their own decisions and pursue what matters most to them to maximize their chances of success.","
The author struggled to reconcile their interests in science and science fiction, feeling stalled after college. Despite feeling knots in their stomach, they eventually got through it and learned the importance of having clear goals and being willing to change them. They encourage having faith in oneself and not being afraid to quit something that isn't working out in order to find something better.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.0,3.5
277,"(289, 292)","(0.553, 0.755]","Bret and I were always interested in breaking things. We would go to pay phones and cut the wire, then go back later and clip it back and get all the change that it saved up and do stuff like that. I think that's probably what really motivated me to go into how can I make this a career? I switched my major five times. After that I got into some physical security and did some physical stuff for a while. And then got into federal and state and local and then convinced them to let me do some testing. And that's where all the professional hacker stuff started coming into play. <br><br>And with that experience it opened up doorways to other things. So eventually I got on at Solutionary and went and got Bret on and we're still doing the same thing we did when we were 13 years old, but doing it without the risk of getting arrested. I said it was always a hobby, but it was also my dream job, but at the time I wasn't really sure how to make that switch, because I didn't necessarily go to college specifically for that. I didn't get a degree in computer science. I actually got a degree in graphic design. <br><br>And once I got to a certain level, a friend let me know that where he worked at Solutionary was hiring and it just kind of went from there. So one day I was a web and graphic designer and project manager and then the next day I was a security consultant.","I'm a biology lecturer and special projects coordinator. As I was a child I was an outpatient at Shiners Hospital because I thought I had a curvature in my spine. That was my first interaction as an outpatient with a physical therapist. From there all the way to high school the goal in the head was that was definitely what I was gonna be. <br><br>I decided to go to college and in my junior year going into my senior year, I took a human genetic course for non science majors. And I was in heaven. I also got involved with the research and I figured why not give it a try? So I decided to the research, still doing both. In the end I had to pick one and research was the one I decided to pick. <br><br>We're all young when we start our journeys out. For some of us it's delayed and then we finally come to it after working. But it's always gonna be changing depending on what you experience. You just gotta go whatever the wind blows your way, because you might miss an opportunity. <br><br>If I just said research, forget it, then I would have missed where I am today,","
The narrator and his friend Bret enjoyed breaking things from a young age, which led to his interest in pursuing a career in hacking. He switched his major multiple times before getting into physical security and eventually federal, state, and local testing, which opened up opportunities for professional hacking. He eventually landed a job at Solutionary, where he transitioned from being a web and graphic designer to a security consultant.","
A biology lecturer and special projects coordinator recalls being an outpatient at Shiners Hospital as a child and being inspired by the physical therapist. In college, she discovered a love for human genetics and decided to pursue research over physical therapy. She encourages others to be open to new opportunities and experiences, as they may lead them down unexpected paths.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,1.5,3.0,3.5
278,"(29, 125)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was sexually abused as a child so anything sexual has been attached to shame and guilt. I felt gross whenever I masturbated or touched myself, it felt awful. <br><br>Then a few days ago, I'm not sure why it happened, but I told myself that my sexuality was mine and that I'm entitled to it, that I shouldn't feel ashamed of it. It clicked and it felt like the shame was gone. <br><br>I felt happy and empowered. I started crying and giggling at the same time, it was like a huge weight was lifted off of my shoulders. I felt really good to finally be able to own something that was mine to begin with. <br><br>I even felt angry that it was taken from me for so long, but angry in a good way. Angry that I had parts of myself taken away from me to begin with. <br><br>It was a really confusing set of emotions. It felt really good though. I owned those feelings, they were mine. I finally felt like I was entitled to them. <br><br>It was like a lid came off of me and everything came pouring out. I've been working through a lot in my past and it feels wonderful to see my progress.",From a year or so after getting into a toxic relationship I have stopped feeling joy altogether. Little things that used to give me happiness just seem to be nothing. I just feel this void in my life. <br><br>I tend to seek for validation from every single person. I don't feel like I am likable or even desirable. I was never like this. I was very confident before.,"
The author experienced shame and guilt associated with their sexuality due to childhood sexual abuse. However, they recently had a realization that their sexuality belongs to them and they have a right to it without shame. This realization led to a feeling of empowerment and relief, and the author feels happy to finally own a part of themselves that was taken away.","
The author has lost their ability to feel joy after being in a toxic relationship for a year. They seek validation from others and no longer feel confident or desirable. Prior to the toxic relationship, they had a strong sense of confidence.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,2.5,2.5
279,"(29, 56)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was sexually abused as a child so anything sexual has been attached to shame and guilt. I felt gross whenever I masturbated or touched myself, it felt awful. <br><br>Then a few days ago, I'm not sure why it happened, but I told myself that my sexuality was mine and that I'm entitled to it, that I shouldn't feel ashamed of it. It clicked and it felt like the shame was gone. <br><br>I felt happy and empowered. I started crying and giggling at the same time, it was like a huge weight was lifted off of my shoulders. I felt really good to finally be able to own something that was mine to begin with. <br><br>I even felt angry that it was taken from me for so long, but angry in a good way. Angry that I had parts of myself taken away from me to begin with. <br><br>It was a really confusing set of emotions. It felt really good though. I owned those feelings, they were mine. I finally felt like I was entitled to them. <br><br>It was like a lid came off of me and everything came pouring out. I've been working through a lot in my past and it feels wonderful to see my progress.","My nephew was hurt on the job, a place he goes daily with no care in the world. A place we never expected this to happen. And the seriousness of the injury was intense. Broken jaw, knocked unconcious - very much out of it and not well, he needed wires in his jaw and a very big amount of surgery. All this from being too hungry and passing out and being sick. <br><br>I felt something was a tad off that night, almost a gut feeling if you will, but I didn't think anything of it, until the text messages started pouring in the next morning. I was very upset and nervous, and it brought back many bad memories and feelings of my own personal experience in 2008 - a dangerous car accident. <br><br>In my accident I too suffered fractures to my face and bones. It brought back many memories from a bad time. Based on what the paramedics stated, it was a scene of horrors. Blood was everywhere, and his lip had split with his teeth actually protruding through his lower jaw. Having to be instantly sedated due to shock, he became quite sick. <br><br>We all got together and prayed. It was all we could so in this situation. Thankfully, he is now on the mend. I'm his Uncle, this had a pretty profound affect on me. I was sullen and down, thinking about many things past and present. But we look forward to a bright future.","
The author experienced shame and guilt associated with their sexuality due to childhood sexual abuse. However, they recently had a realization that their sexuality belongs to them and they have a right to it without shame. This realization led to a feeling of empowerment and relief, and the author feels happy to finally own a part of themselves that was taken away.","
The narrator's nephew was seriously injured on the job due to being too hungry and passing out. The injury was intense and required a lot of surgery. The incident brought back memories of the narrator's own personal experience with a dangerous car accident, but thankfully, the nephew is now on the mend and the family is looking forward to a bright future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
280,"(291, 304)","(0.553, 0.755]","I just completed an associates degree at Hawaii Community College last year. It took me ten years because I did it part time. And that was way after I finished my PhD in biology. <br><br>The tendency is to make it look like there is a golden path, and it's your job to find it. That's not true. I found my true identity incrementally. With all of my Japanese knowledge, I had left a chunk of me behind in my journey. So I had this big task of having to integrate myself so that I can function as one whole person. <br><br>You have to go through a bit of a soul searching thing. That's why doing something like Hawaiian studies aligns you a little bit, recognizing who you are, where you come from.","My wife and I call ourselves, laughingly, fixers, so it's our job to go in and help institutions and organizations that are flailing or floundering. Because my wife, myself, we come from a generation where we were told Indians are good with their hands, they're not meant for college. So just get a high school education and go to work. <br><br>What drove me truly was, I wanted to help my people and I went to Community College, transferred to Black Hills State College, graduated from there in 1985. <br><br>And immediately after law school, I came home to the reservation and there were no jobs in the Legal Profession. But the college had a directors position in institutional development and they hired me. <br><br>And lo and behold they hired me as the acting president in 1991. So that's become the passion now is to help our children and our grandchildren succeed and to again, instill with them a higher passion than just a job from eight to five.","
The speaker completed an associate's degree at Hawaii Community College after ten years of part-time study, following the completion of their PhD in biology. They found their true identity incrementally and had to integrate different parts of themselves. They suggest that doing something like Hawaiian studies can align you with who you are and where you come from.","
The speaker and his wife call themselves ""fixers"" and help struggling institutions and organizations. They come from a generation where Indians were encouraged to get a high school education and go to work. The speaker's passion is to help his people succeed and instill in them a higher passion than just a job from eight to five.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.5,1.5
281,"(292, 305)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm a biology lecturer and special projects coordinator. As I was a child I was an outpatient at Shiners Hospital because I thought I had a curvature in my spine. That was my first interaction as an outpatient with a physical therapist. From there all the way to high school the goal in the head was that was definitely what I was gonna be. <br><br>I decided to go to college and in my junior year going into my senior year, I took a human genetic course for non science majors. And I was in heaven. I also got involved with the research and I figured why not give it a try? So I decided to the research, still doing both. In the end I had to pick one and research was the one I decided to pick. <br><br>We're all young when we start our journeys out. For some of us it's delayed and then we finally come to it after working. But it's always gonna be changing depending on what you experience. You just gotta go whatever the wind blows your way, because you might miss an opportunity. <br><br>If I just said research, forget it, then I would have missed where I am today,","I had a psychedelic painted bus. And it was a wonderful experience for me. And I got to be a doctor for a bunch of rock and roll bands. So I was able to be with this group, with Ken Kesey and all the crazies of the 1960s, and make a movie, and wound up at the end of the movie in India. So it was a different kind of a life than I grew up in Detroit, Michigan, expecting. <br><br>And I became passionately obsessed with eradicating small pox. That's all I thought about for five years, was eradicating smallpox. And we eradicated smallpox. It doesn't exist anymore. The disease does not exist anywhere in the world. <br><br>My experience is that you have to be open a little bit to what might come uniquely for you, but you have to come to that moment with a mental and the spiritual and the physical and the scholarly preparation so that you have something to offer.","
A biology lecturer and special projects coordinator recalls being an outpatient at Shiners Hospital as a child and being inspired by the physical therapist. In college, she discovered a love for human genetics and decided to pursue research over physical therapy. She encourages others to be open to new opportunities and experiences, as they may lead them down unexpected paths.","
The narrator had a unique life, starting with owning a psychedelic painted bus and working with rock and roll bands. They then became obsessed with eradicating smallpox and were successful in doing so, making it nonexistent in the world. The narrator believes that one must be open to new experiences, but also prepare themselves mentally, spiritually, physically, and academically to offer something valuable.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.0
282,"(293, 301)","(0.553, 0.755]","Growing up with just my dad and my brother, I was obviously very independent and strong-willed. My dad's best friend was a stockbroker, and for some reason, because I was so good with money, I decided that I would be a really good stockbroker. And fortunately, throughout high school, we had work exchange and work experience, and they used to send me off with all sorts of random checks and things to deliver somewhere, and I had no idea where I was going or how to get there. <br><br>And being the little surfy chick that I was, it just made me realize that wasn't the avenue I wanted to go down. Ultimately, to become successful in anything, you have to be relatively selfish. You have to be so one-dimensional. <br><br>I also believe that there's no such thing as a mistake, it's only a learning experience. The only mistake is not learning from it. But even then, you're just gonna be given the opportunity to learn it and learn it and learn it until such time as you do. So I made the same ""mistake'' over and over again until I actually got the lesson.","I grew up in Nigeria. But we came from a very entrepreneurial family. And that meant that people were doers. And I believe in life, that you actually have the capacity to do whatever it is you want to do. Nobody else is going to do it. <br><br>There are so many things you see in life that you feel like there's injustice. But often times you just relax and say somebody else is gonna do it. Well that somebody else is you. And you seem very controlled about your own life and very driven. So I'm wondering was there a time when you were less sure about yourself? <br><br>Yes. Okay. Oh yeah. Tell me about that. Computer scientists know nothing ever works the first time, that's the beauty of it. It's a problem solving thing, and so failure is built into the act of learning. You have to like trip and trip, and trip, and trip. <br><br>And then, once you figure out all the ways you can trip, you finally learn how to walk. It's little baby steps to build that muscle of courage and confidence. Just take a deep breath, and just tell your feet to move, and your feet will move.","
The writer grew up with her father and brother and became independent and strong-willed. She thought she would be a good stockbroker but realized it wasn't the avenue she wanted to go down after participating in work exchange programs. She believes that mistakes are just learning experiences and kept making the same mistake until she learned the lesson.","
The speaker grew up in Nigeria in an entrepreneurial family that instilled a ""can-do"" attitude. They believe that individuals have the capacity to do whatever they want and should take action when they see injustice. The speaker acknowledges that they were not always confident but learned that failure is part of the learning process and that taking small steps can build courage and confidence.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,2.5
283,"(294, 298)","(0.498, 0.519]","I wanted to be either a newscaster or a radio personality. I got a job working weekends in New York, so I kept my job in D.C. and I would drive up on the weekends. I would pass by all the exits on the turnpike to my parents' house, my best friend's house. <br><br>But nobody really believed or understood my grind. Instead of going home or going to friends and hanging out and getting hot meals, I slept in my car on the turnpike. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head. Not your parents, your sisters and brothers, not even your best friends. <br><br>Don't let people get in your head! Be fearless.","I've been in a lot of trouble in my life. I've been to prison twice. <br><br>There's just no reason to have to go through anything that hard, you know? <br><br>But I didn't see it when I was a kid. <br><br>If it's a burning desire and you can't think of anything else, you might have a chance. <br><br>If you think you do and you're willing to roll the dice, then you go do it, but you'll never find out unless you do try, you know?","
The author wanted to become a newscaster or a radio personality and got a job in New York while keeping their job in D.C. They would sleep in their car on the turnpike instead of going home or hanging out with friends. The author advises not to let people get in your head and to be fearless.","
The narrator has been in prison twice and regrets the difficult experiences he went through. As a child, he did not understand this. He encourages others to pursue their passions and take risks to find out if they have a chance at success.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.5
284,"(299, 303)","(0.553, 0.755]","I got my commercial fishing license because we had no other way to make money. I ended up living on Nantucket for four more years and building a business. <br><br>Two or three years into Nantucket Nectars, my parents were like, ""You're starting a juice company? Are you kidding me? What do you mean you're starting a juice company? Who starts a juice company?'' <br><br>No one could have ever predicted my path.","I always grew up with tea being a staple at our dining table. One of my colleagues from my previous job knew a recruiter at eBay and he recommended me and they ended up hiring me. One day I was trying to make loose-leaf tea at my desk, and by the time I would make it, I would be late for a meeting. Every time I tried to use tea bags instead, I was never satisfied with the quality because it was not as flavorful, it didn't have as much aroma. That was my first point of inspiration to think about the idea for tea drops. <br><br>It took me about a year and a half of experimenting. I would spend my weekends and my week nights blending and I was obsessed with figuring it out. Once I had that, I started sharing it with my colleagues and friends and family. Now we're available in over 1,600 retail stores. <br><br>My logic was, even if this failed, even if nothing ever comes of it, I know I would have gained so much in trying.","
The author got a commercial fishing license to make money and ended up building a business on Nantucket. Despite doubts from their parents, the author started a juice company, which became successful. The author's journey was unpredictable.","
A woman's love for loose-leaf tea and her struggle to make it at work inspired her to create tea drops. After a year and a half of experimenting with blends, she started sharing it with friends and family, eventually leading to availability in over 1,600 retail stores. Despite the possibility of failure, she pursued her idea and gained valuable experience in the process.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,4.0
285,"(3, 125)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm free! I just got out of a long-term, ridiculously emotionally unhealthy relationship and the world just looks so much brighter. <br><br>Of course I feel like an idiot for letting someone else make me feel completely worthless and depressed for well over a year, but it's over and I'm already so much happier.",From a year or so after getting into a toxic relationship I have stopped feeling joy altogether. Little things that used to give me happiness just seem to be nothing. I just feel this void in my life. <br><br>I tend to seek for validation from every single person. I don't feel like I am likable or even desirable. I was never like this. I was very confident before.,"
The author just ended a long-term emotionally unhealthy relationship and feels free. Although they feel like an idiot for letting their partner make them feel worthless and depressed, they are already much happier. The author sees the world in a brighter light after leaving the relationship.","
The author has lost their ability to feel joy after being in a toxic relationship for a year. They seek validation from others and no longer feel confident or desirable. Prior to the toxic relationship, they had a strong sense of confidence.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,2.5,3.0
286,"(300, 308)","(0.553, 0.755]","I've had multiple experiences, and all of them have been very significant in my evolution. I originally majored in geology because I liked rocks. Then they threw physics at me, and I decided that this was not for me. But I clearly didn't know what I was doing. I jumped from job to job trying to figure out. Seven months at a time, trying to figure out what I wanted to do. <br><br>It took years later when I discovered community education, and I really felt the passion. I don't think the search ever ends. And I don't think one ever finds oneself. It's a constant journey. It's a constant search. <br><br>I see more and more the pressure of making decisions about life. That somehow, if you don't decide where you go and how to get there, there's failure up ahead. I think that when I allowed myself the enjoyment of the journey and was not fearful that it would leave me to a dead end, it was fun.","A friend of mine from college, she showed me a video, we went out to lunch after I had literally left my job with no plans other than to get away from the banking world. <br><br>She showed me this YouTube video of this guy walking on water and flying above it. <br><br>And I said, I don't know what that is but I like it. <br><br>And I liked the idea of scaring yourself just a little bit and then figuring out how you can work through it and come out of it safely on the other side.","
The author initially studied geology but realized it wasn't for them after encountering physics. They spent years trying out different jobs until discovering their passion for community education. The author believes that the search for oneself is a constant journey and that it's important to enjoy the journey rather than fear failure.","
The protagonist left his banking job without any plans and met a college friend who showed him a video of a man walking on water and flying above it. He liked the idea of scaring oneself a little and then finding a way to come out safely on the other side.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,3.5
287,"(302, 310)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am the chief medical information officer for Yuma Regional. I have a number of areas of focus. One is really how our electronic health records work. So, if you go and you're seen in our emergency department or you're seen in one of our clinics, like a lot of health systems, we have a way for patients to log in and see their own health information. <br><br>I help lead up the group of people that should look at how we can make that MyCare experience better because there's almost no such thing as perfect health. As we solve some of the basic problems of medicine, there's other frontiers. And it's like, how do we take our technology and solve those really difficult problems? <br><br>I tell people sometimes that I feel like have the best job in the world. And I didn't know what I wanted to do in life. I kept just doing different things. I could say that I am at my ultimate goal.","I went to college and I majored in chemistry. That was what I liked, and I liked it there, too. But I just couldn't see myself going on the way I'd been. I just didn't fit. <br><br>I had to figure out, okay, now what? If I think I like the biological approach, and I think maybe I'm interested in its application to people, maybe I should go to medical school. <br><br>Sometimes you gotta try a lot of things out before you land on one. These days, people will tell you, the average person has five careers. I didn't know that when I was starting out. I thought you had exactly one, and if you messed up in picking it the first time, you were in deep trouble.","
The chief medical information officer for Yuma Regional focuses on improving patients' experience with their electronic health records. They lead a team to enhance the MyCare system and tackle difficult medical problems using technology. The officer feels fulfilled in their job, considering it to be their ultimate goal.","
The narrator went to college and majored in chemistry, but realized it wasn't for them. They decided to explore the biological approach and considered going to medical school. The narrator learned that it's okay to try different things before finding the right career path, and that it's common for people to have multiple careers.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
288,"(305, 310)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had a psychedelic painted bus. And it was a wonderful experience for me. And I got to be a doctor for a bunch of rock and roll bands. So I was able to be with this group, with Ken Kesey and all the crazies of the 1960s, and make a movie, and wound up at the end of the movie in India. So it was a different kind of a life than I grew up in Detroit, Michigan, expecting. <br><br>And I became passionately obsessed with eradicating small pox. That's all I thought about for five years, was eradicating smallpox. And we eradicated smallpox. It doesn't exist anymore. The disease does not exist anywhere in the world. <br><br>My experience is that you have to be open a little bit to what might come uniquely for you, but you have to come to that moment with a mental and the spiritual and the physical and the scholarly preparation so that you have something to offer.","I went to college and I majored in chemistry. That was what I liked, and I liked it there, too. But I just couldn't see myself going on the way I'd been. I just didn't fit. <br><br>I had to figure out, okay, now what? If I think I like the biological approach, and I think maybe I'm interested in its application to people, maybe I should go to medical school. <br><br>Sometimes you gotta try a lot of things out before you land on one. These days, people will tell you, the average person has five careers. I didn't know that when I was starting out. I thought you had exactly one, and if you messed up in picking it the first time, you were in deep trouble.","
The narrator had a unique life, starting with owning a psychedelic painted bus and working with rock and roll bands. They then became obsessed with eradicating smallpox and were successful in doing so, making it nonexistent in the world. The narrator believes that one must be open to new experiences, but also prepare themselves mentally, spiritually, physically, and academically to offer something valuable.","
The narrator went to college and majored in chemistry, but realized it wasn't for them. They decided to explore the biological approach and considered going to medical school. The narrator learned that it's okay to try different things before finding the right career path, and that it's common for people to have multiple careers.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,3.0
289,"(31, 105)","(0.553, 0.755]","A couple weeks ago for July 4th, we went up to Hiawassee, Georgia, a small mountain town on the border of North Carolina and Georgia. My sister and I were visiting our grandparents to celebrate 4th of July together. Their house was situated on a quiet cove of a lake. This lake is generally what Hiawassee has come to be known for, as it is often covered in boats and recreations. Beautiful houses line the shores of the lake and make it feel magical of sorts. <br><br>The holiday comes around and as is tradition for those on the lake, everyone takes their boats out to another quiet cove and waits. We wait for fireworks, launched off by the city just after the moon rises. The fireworks the previous year were notably short to the disbelief of the boat goers. However this year the city had certainly made up for it with what was maybe an hour long show. It was truly incredible. American music was being played from boats in every direction. You could hear the audible gasps and excitement with each new firework. It truly was an incredible sight and time. <br><br>Afterwards, many people hung around on their boats talking with friends and even swimming in the black of night softly lit by boat lights. I'm definitely going back again.","It's always nice to spend time with my family. We usually don't all get together often, but I'm glad that we did this time. We ended up going to a water park, which is totally new for me! I've been to regular theme parks, but never a certified water park. I'm glad this is where we went because this day was super fun (even with the perils of summer). <br><br>As always, the lines to get in were long. It was hot outside. I almost got stung by a bee! It was all well worth it because I got to conquer my fears. Theme park rides scare me. The speed, the slopes, that fluttering feeling in my stomach, the dark tunnels. Getting me on one takes an awful lot of persuasion! <br><br>However, I faced my fear. I went on one of the most intense rides in the park, and I survived! I was screaming the whole way down, but I did it. I am proud of myself and had so much fun!","The narrator and their sister visited their grandparents in Hiawassee, Georgia for the 4th of July. They watched an amazing hour-long fireworks show on the lake, accompanied by American music from boats. Afterwards, they hung out on their boats with friends and swam in the softly-lit water.","
The writer spends time with their family at a water park, which is a new experience for them. Despite the long lines, hot weather, and a near bee sting, they conquer their fear of theme park rides and go on one of the most intense rides in the park. They scream the whole way down but are proud of themselves and have a great time.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.5,3.5
290,"(32, 67)","(0.553, 0.755]","Today we laid my mother in law to rest. The funeral was beautiful and very tasteful. There were so many people there. Friends, family, club members, dancers, neighbors, people from church. I will miss her dearly as she was my best friend for 20 years. I still cannot believe she is gone. Cancer sucks!! <br><br>Many of the people there made a donation to animal shelters. She was so passionate about animals. She was well loved and will be missed. The service the pastor gave was so elegant and appropriate for the occasion. It will be a day I will remember for a long time. She will never be forgotten. <br><br>The weather was beautiful. I enjoyed the service. Funerals are often depressing but hers was very nice.","In August of this year, I went with my wife and our kids, along with my father in law and my sister in law and her family to spread the ashes of my mother in law. We hiked up a trail in the Colorado National Monument, near Grand Junction Colorado, to one of her favorite spots to visit. It took about half an hour to get there. It was my first time going, but my wife and kids had gone before when my mother in law was not sick. <br><br>When we got to the spot, a large cliff overlooking the area, we took a few minutes to look around and enjoy the scenery. Then we found a small juniper tree that sat near the edge, and my father in law spread the ashes around the base. My kids hung up some trinkets they had brought that reminded them of their grandma, and everyone had brought a stone from her collection to stack on the spot. <br><br>After we had done this, my father in law sat down and started crying. It was hard to watch, as he had never displayed that kind of emotion around me before. My older daughter sat down next to him and they just sat there for a while and looked out on the valley ahead of them. She was the most in tune with her grandfather of all the grandchildren. She was the oldest, and had recently spent several months living with her grandparents, and had really grown to be close with them. <br><br>After they had sat for a while and came to terms with the moment, we went to one of my mother in law's favorite mexican restaurants to have dinner. We all talked about the memories we had of her, and her personality traits that stood out. My wife had a peach margarita in her honor, as that was one of her favorite drinks.","
The writer's mother-in-law passed away and her funeral was well-attended and tasteful. She was passionate about animals and many of the attendees made donations to animal shelters in her honor. Despite the sadness of the occasion, the writer appreciated the elegant service and the beautiful weather.","
The author and their family hiked to a spot in Colorado National Monument to spread the ashes of their mother-in-law. They placed the ashes around a small juniper tree and added trinkets and stones from her collection. The author's father-in-law cried, and their eldest daughter sat with him while they looked out over the valley. They later went to a Mexican restaurant to honor their mother-in-law's memory.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,4.0,4.0,4.0
291,"(33, 66)","(0.553, 0.755]","Five months ago, my life turned upside down when my mother passed away from a terminal cancer. Losing her was completely shocking and unexpected. She was young, full of life and had a heart of gold that touched everyone who ever came to know her. She was my confidant and the best grandmother to my young daughter, I could not imagine living the rest of my life without her unconditional love and support. <br><br>I never liked May, especially because my birthday was in May and the day was always bitter-sweet for me. Although my mother always made it special, I felt sad because I never had any childhood friends to share it with. Now May took on an entirely different meaning, May was the month when my mother left this world forever, I would be left orphaned. <br><br>I wanted to fill the last days of her life with as much love and peace as possible to repay her back for all the love and sacrifices that she did for me while I was growing up. I brought my mother home for hospice so I could be with her to the end. I prayed to God as I watched her terrible sufferings, it seemed like she could go at any moment, however, she was trying hard to stay alive until my birthday. <br><br>It was the most important day of her life and she wanted to be there for me. She lived to see the day, even though she could hardly master any strength, she even signed my birthday card with three simple and yet most powerful words: "" I love you!"". I cried as I held her in my arms. <br><br>She feel asleep shortly after giving me my card and watching me blow the candles on the cake that my husband brought into her room. She soon slipped into a coma and took her final breath the next morning while I held her hand. <br><br>I cannot describe the pain of that parting, however, God's strength and my family were the only things that carried me through. At her funeral, my three-year-old daughter came up to me suddenly and said : ""Don't be sad Mommy, you have my love forever"". <br><br>These words made my heart melt and I then understood ever so clearly that life can be summarized in three simple words : ""I love you"", just as my mother said to me before her passing. Those words can never die or be erased.","Earlier this summer, my neighbor---who I have known my entire life of 34 years---suddenly passed away. At first, I was very shocked. I had just sat down with her around my birthday, and while she mentioned having back pain, she was still sharp as a knife and not sick. <br><br>I have lived in this house forever (as I inherited it from my parents when they passed away, back when I was in college). I grew up knowing this neighbor. I viewed her as part of my extended family. She would always walk her adorable Yorkie dog down the street, and if I were outside, she would stop to talk to me about the day. <br><br>When I learned of her passing, I decided to attend her funeral. Her funeral was on a Thursday. I asked my in-laws if they would watch my son, who is only six. He cared a lot for our neighbor, too, but he is so young he doesn't quite understand the concept of mortality yet. I didn't want to expose him to her if her casket was open. (It was.)<br><br>At the funeral, I talked to other neighbors who were equally upset and sad. I hugged her family. I watched a slideshow of photos that also showed her husband, who had passed away earlier. I liked him, too. <br><br>Now her children are planning to sell her house, and I'm a little nervous. I've never had a new neighbor so close before.","
The author's mother passed away from cancer five months ago, leaving the author feeling lost without her unconditional love and support. The author brought their mother home for hospice care and prayed for her to live until the author's birthday. The mother lived to see the day, signed the author's birthday card with ""I love you,"" and passed away the next morning. The author's daughter's words at the funeral reminded the author of the power of love and the importance of expressing it.","
The author's neighbor unexpectedly passed away earlier this summer, leaving the author shocked and saddened. The author attended the neighbor's funeral and spoke with other neighbors who were equally upset. Now, the neighbor's children plan to sell the house, leaving the author nervous about having a new neighbor so close.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,2.0,2.5,1.5
292,"(34, 101)","(0.553, 0.755]","On may 21 of this year (2019), my very first niece had his 15 years old birthday celebration. Since she was a little baby i was waiting for this moment, because she has a personality that makes me feel like I have my sister back when she was young. That is because of several reasons. My sister is no longer with us, and she is like the memory we have about my sister. <br><br>Now why that date was so important for me? Well, I am no exactly in my home country. I am living abroad because of my career, but for that date I wanted to jump from my place to her place, just because i cannot miss that once in a life event for my niece. I bought a flight ticket, i had a layover for about 12 hours in another country, i got sick because of the meal, but you know what? i don't regret at all. <br><br>At the end of the day i saw her face, i saw how happy she was in her party celebration, and also she was happy to see me there. I could dance with my little niece, which is my little baby as well , and i will remember that for the rest of my life. <br><br>I said to her that when i was in the airplane, i saw her mother in the sky, she told me to carry her, and said i love you on behalf of her. My niece was so happy, she hugged me and i whispered: your mother is so proud of you honey. I am pretty sure my sister was also dancing in the heaven. <br><br>The night was too short, but the memories are infinites, because each second was valuable. I have to travel back the next day, without anything in my bags, but my heart full of love. Family is the treasure that will always makes your life valuable.","I had some of my photography work published in a magazine for the first time. I was very excited. When I first found out that one of my photos was going to be published, I was so excited and overjoyed that I cried happy tears and could not thank God enough! This was a huge milestone for me as a professional photographer. <br><br>I called my husband and told him the great news! He was thrilled for me and gave me huge congratulations! I also called or texted other family members to tell them the good news as well. They were also very excited! <br><br>The photo that was published was a portrait of my son. This made the event even more special. When I got the magazine in the mail I was so happy! I showed the magazine to my son and showed him his portrait and he was very excited as well. The magazine was beautifully printed and I could not believe how gorgeous the portrait looked in it. <br><br>Everyone in the family was ecstatic! This was a very joyous memory for me in my photography career and definitely a great memory.","
The author's first niece turned 15 and they were determined to attend her birthday celebration, despite living abroad. They bought a flight ticket, endured a layover and even got sick from the meal, but seeing their niece's happiness made it all worth it. The author tells their niece that their late mother is proud of her and the memories made at the party will be cherished forever.","
A photographer had their work published in a magazine for the first time, which was a huge milestone for them. The published photo was a portrait of their son, making the event even more special. The photographer and their family were thrilled and overjoyed with the news.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
293,"(34, 54)","(0.553, 0.755]","On may 21 of this year (2019), my very first niece had his 15 years old birthday celebration. Since she was a little baby i was waiting for this moment, because she has a personality that makes me feel like I have my sister back when she was young. That is because of several reasons. My sister is no longer with us, and she is like the memory we have about my sister. <br><br>Now why that date was so important for me? Well, I am no exactly in my home country. I am living abroad because of my career, but for that date I wanted to jump from my place to her place, just because i cannot miss that once in a life event for my niece. I bought a flight ticket, i had a layover for about 12 hours in another country, i got sick because of the meal, but you know what? i don't regret at all. <br><br>At the end of the day i saw her face, i saw how happy she was in her party celebration, and also she was happy to see me there. I could dance with my little niece, which is my little baby as well , and i will remember that for the rest of my life. <br><br>I said to her that when i was in the airplane, i saw her mother in the sky, she told me to carry her, and said i love you on behalf of her. My niece was so happy, she hugged me and i whispered: your mother is so proud of you honey. I am pretty sure my sister was also dancing in the heaven. <br><br>The night was too short, but the memories are infinites, because each second was valuable. I have to travel back the next day, without anything in my bags, but my heart full of love. Family is the treasure that will always makes your life valuable.","A recent memorable event in my life was when I was surprised to be invited to Disney World by my mother in law. She said she would pay for everything and basically all I had to do was show up. She was meeting her daughter and granddaughter there and had enough money that I could come too. <br><br>I almost didn't go because Disney World is crowded and it can be hard to hang out with a four year but I had not seen that part of the family in awhile, my schedule was clear, and it had been 12 years since I had been to Disney World. So I decided to go. <br><br>My favorite days were when it was just my mother in law and I and we went to Harry Potter at Universal. The theme park was so well done and the rides were really fun and the butter beer was really good. The main big ride I ended up going by myself because my mother in law didn't want to go. It was kind of scary but it was really fun and so well done with 3D effects and lighting. It was too crowded to go wand shopping but that is okay because my husband got me a wand previously when he was in Orlando for a work trip.<br><br>We also had fun with my niece, she liked anything to do with Frozen. We had lots of good food, rode on some fun rides. I liked eating at the dinosaur theme restaurant. It was basically Rainforest Cafe but with dinosaurs. <br><br>The hotel we stayed in was Little Mermaid theme so that was really cute. But it was kind of noisy and the buses were far away for our hotel. <br><br>Overall it was a really fun trip and I am glad I went, but I would not be going back any time soon. It is so crowded there and dealing with that many people can be really hard.","
The author's first niece turned 15 and they were determined to attend her birthday celebration, despite living abroad. They bought a flight ticket, endured a layover and even got sick from the meal, but seeing their niece's happiness made it all worth it. The author tells their niece that their late mother is proud of her and the memories made at the party will be cherished forever.","The author was invited to Disney World by their mother-in-law who paid for everything. Despite initial reservations, they decided to go and enjoyed their time at the Harry Potter theme park and with their niece. However, due to the crowds, the author does not plan on returning anytime soon.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,3.0,2.0,2.0
294,"(34, 60)","(0.553, 0.755]","On may 21 of this year (2019), my very first niece had his 15 years old birthday celebration. Since she was a little baby i was waiting for this moment, because she has a personality that makes me feel like I have my sister back when she was young. That is because of several reasons. My sister is no longer with us, and she is like the memory we have about my sister. <br><br>Now why that date was so important for me? Well, I am no exactly in my home country. I am living abroad because of my career, but for that date I wanted to jump from my place to her place, just because i cannot miss that once in a life event for my niece. I bought a flight ticket, i had a layover for about 12 hours in another country, i got sick because of the meal, but you know what? i don't regret at all. <br><br>At the end of the day i saw her face, i saw how happy she was in her party celebration, and also she was happy to see me there. I could dance with my little niece, which is my little baby as well , and i will remember that for the rest of my life. <br><br>I said to her that when i was in the airplane, i saw her mother in the sky, she told me to carry her, and said i love you on behalf of her. My niece was so happy, she hugged me and i whispered: your mother is so proud of you honey. I am pretty sure my sister was also dancing in the heaven. <br><br>The night was too short, but the memories are infinites, because each second was valuable. I have to travel back the next day, without anything in my bags, but my heart full of love. Family is the treasure that will always makes your life valuable.","I just got back from a vacation, and as is often said, I need a vacation from my vacation now! My husband and I went with my brother, sister-in-law, their nineteen month old, and our two kids, who are 15 months and 3. It was QUITE an experience. We stayed in a lovely rental house in Rosemary Beach, about an hour from Destin. The drive was not too bad, about five hours from our home, but it was long enough with small children in the car. <br><br>I was nervous about this trip because it was our first family vacation and I have a hard time managing my two strong-willed children, especially when they are together. Sure enough, by Day 2 I was exhausted. I had to carry my youngest on my hip probably ninety percent of the time, even including when we were at home. He woke up at 5:30 AM every morning, so I was forced to do so as well. <br><br>We engaged in a variety of activities including souvenir shopping, visiting the community pool, going to the beach, and watching a bottlenose dolphin show at an aquarium. Probably my favorite thing we did was go to a natural spring that wasn't far from where we were staying. The water was a beautiful aquamarine and clear as it could be. The only problem was it was COLD! We had a blast wading and swimming a bit, and just enjoying the beautiful scenery. <br><br>Although it was hard to keep both kids organized and happy, it was a memorable experience and one that I'll not soon forget. It was wonderful to have time to spend with them and also with my brother and his family. They are very dear to us.","
The author's first niece turned 15 and they were determined to attend her birthday celebration, despite living abroad. They bought a flight ticket, endured a layover and even got sick from the meal, but seeing their niece's happiness made it all worth it. The author tells their niece that their late mother is proud of her and the memories made at the party will be cherished forever.","
The author went on a family vacation with her husband, two kids, brother, sister-in-law, and their baby. Despite her initial nervousness about managing her children, they engaged in various activities including souvenir shopping, visiting the community pool, going to the beach, and watching a bottlenose dolphin show at an aquarium. The author's favorite part of the trip was visiting a natural spring, and although it was difficult to keep both kids happy, it was a memorable experience that the author will not soon forget.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
295,"(35, 116)","(0.553, 0.755]","There was a recent event that happened last Tuesday that was pretty interesting and memorable. I was shopping in a grocery store and there was quite a few people there that day. When I was shopping, I went to grab a griddle, but as I grabbed it there was a woman right behind me who started questioning me and cussing me out for taking the last available griddle. I had to defend my purchase, so I just ignored her and kept shopping. <br><br>Later on, I left my cart alone and noticed that the woman took my griddle out of my shopping cart, which pretty infuriating. I secretly ""stole"" it back into my cart without her noticing and watched her checkout without realizing it was gone. I felt bad but at the same time I found the griddle first. I wish that I could have seen her realize that she didn't have the griddle in the parking lot but I didn't get the chance to see this woman again. <br><br>I felt proud that I was able to get the last griddle and I have no regrets. I think it is absolutely ridiculous to get angry at a stranger for something like that. If possible, I would have recorded this situation and uploaded it because I just think it's funny. <br><br>Anyway, the griddle works perfectly and for only $20 I am satisfied with my purchase. I made pancakes with it this morning and some eggs. I still think about it though with some shame. I hate being mean to people but this was my griddle, once again.","I am a digital freelancer, and several years ago I built an online store for my mum's business. She is very old school so I handled the digital stuff and eventually helped her build a 7 figure store on top of my normal day job. She is now wanting to retire and is in the process of final exchanges of contract with a buyer, and the money is going to help her and my dad retire comfortably. <br><br>So it sounds like a great story, but now that it's wrapping up I've stepped back and have seen with fresh eyes all the things I didn't do well, or things I didn't do at all - it's so strange how I didn't see it at the time - a kind of work/family blur that I can't explain. The success of the business kind of snowballed far beyond what we really set out for the business to be, and it reached a point where my mum was too old and old school to take it to the next step and where I didn't have the time (even convincing her to use social media was hard let alone using robotic fulfilment warehouses etc). <br><br>Although I was being partially compensated at the end, I had my own clients to deal with, and after I tried to get several other freelancers on board and it didn't work out, I just did what I could with what time I had. But with the pandemic the whole thing exploded at the same time that I went through two extremely tragic personal losses, and in hindsight I should have just delegated tasks and let the business flourish and should have been less protective. <br><br>It's true that my parents can retire comfortably because of me, but it's also true that they didn't have a lot more success because of me. I find it very hard to hold this two truths together and I'm scared I'll always think of it and always regret it.","
The author was shopping for a griddle in a crowded grocery store when a woman started cussing them out for taking the last one. Later, the woman took the griddle from the author's cart, but the author was able to secretly take it back without the woman noticing. Although the author felt proud of getting the last griddle, they also felt some shame for being mean to someone.","The author built an online store for their mom's business and helped turn it into a successful 7-figure enterprise while juggling their own clients. However, the author realizes that they didn't do everything they could have done to take the business to the next level and feels guilty about it. Despite this, the business's success has allowed the author's parents to retire comfortably.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,3.0,1.0
296,"(35, 59)","(0.553, 0.755]","There was a recent event that happened last Tuesday that was pretty interesting and memorable. I was shopping in a grocery store and there was quite a few people there that day. When I was shopping, I went to grab a griddle, but as I grabbed it there was a woman right behind me who started questioning me and cussing me out for taking the last available griddle. I had to defend my purchase, so I just ignored her and kept shopping. <br><br>Later on, I left my cart alone and noticed that the woman took my griddle out of my shopping cart, which pretty infuriating. I secretly ""stole"" it back into my cart without her noticing and watched her checkout without realizing it was gone. I felt bad but at the same time I found the griddle first. I wish that I could have seen her realize that she didn't have the griddle in the parking lot but I didn't get the chance to see this woman again. <br><br>I felt proud that I was able to get the last griddle and I have no regrets. I think it is absolutely ridiculous to get angry at a stranger for something like that. If possible, I would have recorded this situation and uploaded it because I just think it's funny. <br><br>Anyway, the griddle works perfectly and for only $20 I am satisfied with my purchase. I made pancakes with it this morning and some eggs. I still think about it though with some shame. I hate being mean to people but this was my griddle, once again.","My car was towed. It was a nasty thing that my landlady did to me. I was quite upset and it was costly. It was the first time I ever had a car towed. Going to the impound yard was certainly a different kind of experience. <br><br>I had to sue to get my money from the towing reimbursed. That was quite an experience and cost me more money. Fortunately, that was also received back by me. I could have easily lived without the whole experience. <br><br>I am lucky that I was in a position of having sufficient resources, mental and monetary, to take care of the matter. Other people were not so fortunate. We are hoping to get the landlady dismissed. <br><br>Actually, it would be more accurate to call her a 'property manager' although she has no license, experience, or talent in managing or property. <br><br>Anyway, it was a negative couple of weeks during this time and I was quite unhappy. All's well that ends well. That's what is commonly quoted in any event.","
The author was shopping for a griddle in a crowded grocery store when a woman started cussing them out for taking the last one. Later, the woman took the griddle from the author's cart, but the author was able to secretly take it back without the woman noticing. Although the author felt proud of getting the last griddle, they also felt some shame for being mean to someone.","The author's car was towed by their landlady, causing them distress and financial burden. They had to sue to get their money reimbursed, but were fortunate to have the resources to do so. The author hopes to have their landlady dismissed and the experience was overall negative.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.5,3.0
297,"(35, 63)","(0.553, 0.755]","There was a recent event that happened last Tuesday that was pretty interesting and memorable. I was shopping in a grocery store and there was quite a few people there that day. When I was shopping, I went to grab a griddle, but as I grabbed it there was a woman right behind me who started questioning me and cussing me out for taking the last available griddle. I had to defend my purchase, so I just ignored her and kept shopping. <br><br>Later on, I left my cart alone and noticed that the woman took my griddle out of my shopping cart, which pretty infuriating. I secretly ""stole"" it back into my cart without her noticing and watched her checkout without realizing it was gone. I felt bad but at the same time I found the griddle first. I wish that I could have seen her realize that she didn't have the griddle in the parking lot but I didn't get the chance to see this woman again. <br><br>I felt proud that I was able to get the last griddle and I have no regrets. I think it is absolutely ridiculous to get angry at a stranger for something like that. If possible, I would have recorded this situation and uploaded it because I just think it's funny. <br><br>Anyway, the griddle works perfectly and for only $20 I am satisfied with my purchase. I made pancakes with it this morning and some eggs. I still think about it though with some shame. I hate being mean to people but this was my griddle, once again.","I was driving in a wealthy Southern California town when my back right tire blew out. I had just attended a lecture at the time, and I found the content extremely emotionally draining, so I wasn't in an excellent mood to begin with. The location where my tire blew out was congested with heavy rush hour traffic; my car broke down next to a sidewalk that was labeled ""no stopping any time."" Many cars honked at me despite my obvious predicament. <br><br>A woman in a giant black Mercedes halted everyone behind her to shout at me from her window; she had a thick Kardashian accent and a Starbucks cup in her hand as she called, ""The sign says NO STOPPING ANY TIME."" I rushed to replace the tire, but I am a very small, not particularly strong person, so it was a slow going process. <br><br>An older man in ragged clothes who smelled heavily of dirt and sweat approached me. My stomach dropped with dread. While I am generally not a cruel person and welcome interactions with people in unfortunate situations, being stuck as I was in ninety degree heat with drivers around me shouting angrily and honking, I wasn't in the most convenient position to help anyone. I didn't have any cash with me to give him, and I didn't know if I could handle a heart-wrenching conversation about how horrendous life can be or learning about the man's visions from God, if he had them. It wasn't kind of me, and in retrospect I am not proud of my feelings when he first approached. <br><br>My anxieties were unfounded, and unfair. The man said nothing to me. He bent down beside my ruined tire, and began removing it from the car. I have never been so moved by anything in my life. A person who I had unfairly feared, a man who was so much less fortunate than every luxury-vehicle driving heckler that drove by, was the only person who stopped to help me change my tire. There were tears in my eyes when I thanked him. <br><br>We talked for a little while; he'd been a teacher once. He didn't go into specifics about his current situation. I offered to take him to dinner, but he refused. He told me to drive safely, and then he walked away. I'm convinced this man was some kind of guardian angel. I'm so grateful to him.","
The author was shopping for a griddle in a crowded grocery store when a woman started cussing them out for taking the last one. Later, the woman took the griddle from the author's cart, but the author was able to secretly take it back without the woman noticing. Although the author felt proud of getting the last griddle, they also felt some shame for being mean to someone.","The protagonist's tire blew out in traffic in a wealthy Southern California town, causing many cars to honk at them, including a woman in a black Mercedes who yelled at them. While trying to change the tire, a homeless man approached and helped them without saying a word, leaving the protagonist feeling grateful and moved. The man had been a teacher but didn't go into specifics about his current situation, and refused an offer for dinner, simply telling the protagonist to drive safely before walking away.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,1.5
298,"(35, 76)","(0.553, 0.755]","There was a recent event that happened last Tuesday that was pretty interesting and memorable. I was shopping in a grocery store and there was quite a few people there that day. When I was shopping, I went to grab a griddle, but as I grabbed it there was a woman right behind me who started questioning me and cussing me out for taking the last available griddle. I had to defend my purchase, so I just ignored her and kept shopping. <br><br>Later on, I left my cart alone and noticed that the woman took my griddle out of my shopping cart, which pretty infuriating. I secretly ""stole"" it back into my cart without her noticing and watched her checkout without realizing it was gone. I felt bad but at the same time I found the griddle first. I wish that I could have seen her realize that she didn't have the griddle in the parking lot but I didn't get the chance to see this woman again. <br><br>I felt proud that I was able to get the last griddle and I have no regrets. I think it is absolutely ridiculous to get angry at a stranger for something like that. If possible, I would have recorded this situation and uploaded it because I just think it's funny. <br><br>Anyway, the griddle works perfectly and for only $20 I am satisfied with my purchase. I made pancakes with it this morning and some eggs. I still think about it though with some shame. I hate being mean to people but this was my griddle, once again.","This event happened about two months back. I work from home so my home computer is my life line. Without it I simply couldn't get paid. <br><br>Anyway two months ago my CPU suddenly just died. At first I had no idea what had went wrong, but apparently the cooling gel used to keep the CPU under extreme temps had mostly evaporated, so the CPU was overheating during my late night gaming sessions. <br><br>At the point in time I didn't have enough money to buy a better CPU, I had just finished paying off a bunch of debt that I collected over the years. I pretty much thought I was screwed and maybe had to go out and get a temp job until I had enough money to replace my broken CPU. <br><br>Anyway I had told my mom about it and I guess she told the family because a few days later my mom came over and handed me an envelope of money. At first I thought it was from her and I declined it, I didn't want to take my mother's hard earned money she got from working all those years. <br><br>But she informed me a few of my brothers and sisters got together and pooled in money, enough that I could replace my CPU with a brand new powerful one. I'm not much of an emotional guy, at least in front of others. I try to always keep my cool and play it straight, but I couldn't help as the tears started to fall from my eyes. I was so grateful and thankful that people who loved and cared for me came through and went the extra mile for this. <br><br>My family isn't rich, so I know them giving up their hard earned money to help me out was big. Not saying we're poor, but we're not rich enough where we can just give away money without a care in the world. <br><br>My mom gave me a big hug and in that moment I felt the deepest amount of gratitude I ever experienced in my entire life. From the bottom of my heart I was truly deeply thankful. <br><br>Later on I got together with my brothers and sisters that helped out, throwing them a party in their honor. It was the least I could do for such wonderful family members.","
The author was shopping for a griddle in a crowded grocery store when a woman started cussing them out for taking the last one. Later, the woman took the griddle from the author's cart, but the author was able to secretly take it back without the woman noticing. Although the author felt proud of getting the last griddle, they also felt some shame for being mean to someone.","The author's CPU suddenly died due to overheating caused by evaporated cooling gel, leaving them unable to work from home. They didn't have enough money to replace it, but their family pooled together to give them enough for a new, powerful CPU. The author was overwhelmed with gratitude and threw a party to thank their family members who helped out.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
299,"(36, 271)","(0.553, 0.755]","A moment that meant a lot to me that occurred recently was attending graduation from college. I had spent the last four years in school and all my hard work had finally paid off. <br><br>As I was getting dressed in the back, my mind was racing. I was surrounded by my friends and future colleagues. We can all say that we had finally made it to the finish line. All those long nights and the endless amount of homework was finally coming to an end. Many of had jobs lined up for us and if we didn't we were excellent prospects. <br><br>As the lady in the front gave the signal, we all lined up and walked into the reception area, we were all greeted by our loved ones. The ones who stood by us and supported us as we made this transition into the ""real world"". <br><br>We sat silently as they called our names. As the names were called, we one by one, stood and shook the president of the school's hand. We each took a quick photo and moved to accept our diploma. <br><br>All the cheering and support bought tears to my eyes. It was happy and sad tears. I was sad to see all my friends go in different directions, but I was happy that they were all starting a new chapter in their lives. The graduation was short, but it was a memorable one.","I got jumped into a gang. And I was either gonna end up pregnant or in jail or dead or I was gonna be able to change my life. So my sister one day, she begged me and begged me. She goes, ""Come to this photography class that they're having for the summer.'' <br><br>So I started with the photography class. I was so happy with what I was doing that I didn't have time to be miserable on the street or miserable drinking or miserable going in a downward spiral. I had purpose. <br><br>They made me feel like me being there was very significant, that if I wasn't here, it was gonna be different. I struggle to this day, and this is why I push school to kids. I said, ""Do what you gotta do so that when you're ready to do what you wanna do, you're able to.''","The author recently attended their college graduation after four years of hard work. They were surrounded by friends and colleagues, and the event was emotional as they were greeted by loved ones and received their diplomas. The author felt both happy and sad as they saw their friends go in different directions, but they were proud to start a new chapter in their lives.","
A young woman was faced with a bleak future of jail, death, or pregnancy until her sister convinced her to attend a photography class. The class gave her a sense of purpose and kept her away from negative influences. She now encourages others to focus on education so that they can pursue their passions later in life.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
300,"(36, 89)","(0.519, 0.553]","A moment that meant a lot to me that occurred recently was attending graduation from college. I had spent the last four years in school and all my hard work had finally paid off. <br><br>As I was getting dressed in the back, my mind was racing. I was surrounded by my friends and future colleagues. We can all say that we had finally made it to the finish line. All those long nights and the endless amount of homework was finally coming to an end. Many of had jobs lined up for us and if we didn't we were excellent prospects. <br><br>As the lady in the front gave the signal, we all lined up and walked into the reception area, we were all greeted by our loved ones. The ones who stood by us and supported us as we made this transition into the ""real world"". <br><br>We sat silently as they called our names. As the names were called, we one by one, stood and shook the president of the school's hand. We each took a quick photo and moved to accept our diploma. <br><br>All the cheering and support bought tears to my eyes. It was happy and sad tears. I was sad to see all my friends go in different directions, but I was happy that they were all starting a new chapter in their lives. The graduation was short, but it was a memorable one.","Today was a very good Sunday. I was invited to lead the music at a joint church service at a church I've never been to before. A church in a city a bit far off, they asked if I could lead their music. I was floored by the invitation. The pastor of that asked for me specifically. He had visited my church a couple of times before and saw how we run our music for our liturgy. <br><br>As the leader of my church's music, I only expected to lead music for my church. I never really had thoughts of leading other churches in the near future. Then a couple weeks before this day, my pastor told me that the pastor of another church we will be joining services with asked me to lead their music for our joint service. I was initially in shock, but jumped at the chance to serve where I was able. <br><br>After I finished leading music at the church, I felt great and more sure of my abilities. The church members were very thankful for my services and enjoyed the all a'cappella approach I institute at my own church. They told me how they enjoyed just hearing voices to sing hymns and how much more participation the congregation there was than before. <br><br>I am very grateful for the opportunity I was given and how blessed myself and others were in the service I was able to give. I hope I get opportunities like this again, but to remember that it is all for the glory of God and not myself.","The author recently attended their college graduation after four years of hard work. They were surrounded by friends and colleagues, and the event was emotional as they were greeted by loved ones and received their diplomas. The author felt both happy and sad as they saw their friends go in different directions, but they were proud to start a new chapter in their lives.","The author was invited to lead the music at a joint church service in a city far away. The pastor of that church asked for the author specifically after seeing how they run music at their own church. After leading the music, the author felt great and was grateful for the opportunity to serve.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,3.0,1.5
301,"(37, 106)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am pregnant, and with that has come all sorts of thrills and fears. Overall, things have been going smoothly, but I am still prone to worry that something might be amiss with the baby. This is particularly due to the fact that it is difficult to know what is going on inside, especially in the early months. As my pregnancy progressed, I was eagerly waiting for the moment when I would begin to feel the baby move. This didn't happen as early as something of the books indicated it might, which lead to worry. Eventually, though, I began to feel fluttering movements that seemed different from other sensations I had experienced. <br><br>I became fairly confident these movements were the baby, but it was still easy to doubt myself. Two weeks of this mix of confidence and doubt was relieved one night, though. I felt some kicks (at least what I hoped were kicks), and I encourage my husband to feel my belly. It was doubtful if he could feel anything yet, as the doctor indicated it might be awhile before anyone else could sense movement, but he felt something. <br><br>In that moment, his face lit up with excitement, especially as the baby kept kicking, affirming what he was feeling. He held up a finger every time he felt something, and I confirmed that I felt movement simultaneously. It was an incredibly joyful moment for us. It left us feeling close and connected, both with each other, and with the baby. Additionally, it made me feel safe and secure knowing that the movement I had been feeling wasn't entirely in my own head. <br><br>This was a beautiful moment in our relationship and in my pregnancy.","This event occurred over 3 months ago. I will forever remember it as something sticking and in all honesty, the day I became an adult. Not that I wasn't one already. On that day, I remember I did everything as I would each day prior to work. I ate breakfast, drank my regular cup of coffee with cinnamon sprinkled on top, etc. <br><br>However, on my way home, I began thinking about an argument I had with my mom a few days prior. I was thinking about how it made me feel and the events that led up to the event. As I parked, I saw that no one was home except my mom. I went ahead and entered my house, and went to grab a snack. As I closed the refrigerator, I saw my mom standing in the hallway. I approached her to speak about the events from the other day. We went back and forth in a very emotional conversation. This was probably one of the most intense conversation I have ever had with my mom. She told me so many things that it made me think twice about how I was behaving towards her. <br><br>It was the day that I found out my mom did not know how to swim. I HAD NO IDEA. I was honestly so shocked and surprised that I had seen my mom in pools before, but never knew she couldn't swim. How can I not know something so important about my mom?Which made me realize that I only have one mother. I should be paying more attention to her. I should be bonding with her more. Because one day, she will not be there. <br><br>After the compelling conversation, we then proceeded to plan a mother/daughter day. We planned to eat tacos that weekend and watch a movie together, which we did. It was honestly of the best weekends ever. Very moving moment for me.","The author is pregnant and worried about the health of their baby, especially as it is difficult to know what is happening inside. They eagerly wait to feel their baby move, and eventually do, but doubt themselves until their husband also feels the movements. This brings them joy and a sense of connection with each other and the baby, and makes the author feel more secure about their pregnancy.","
The author had an emotional conversation with their mother about an argument they had. During this conversation, the author found out that their mother didn't know how to swim and realized they needed to spend more time with her. They planned a mother/daughter day and had a great weekend together.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,2.5
302,"(37, 53)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am pregnant, and with that has come all sorts of thrills and fears. Overall, things have been going smoothly, but I am still prone to worry that something might be amiss with the baby. This is particularly due to the fact that it is difficult to know what is going on inside, especially in the early months. As my pregnancy progressed, I was eagerly waiting for the moment when I would begin to feel the baby move. This didn't happen as early as something of the books indicated it might, which lead to worry. Eventually, though, I began to feel fluttering movements that seemed different from other sensations I had experienced. <br><br>I became fairly confident these movements were the baby, but it was still easy to doubt myself. Two weeks of this mix of confidence and doubt was relieved one night, though. I felt some kicks (at least what I hoped were kicks), and I encourage my husband to feel my belly. It was doubtful if he could feel anything yet, as the doctor indicated it might be awhile before anyone else could sense movement, but he felt something. <br><br>In that moment, his face lit up with excitement, especially as the baby kept kicking, affirming what he was feeling. He held up a finger every time he felt something, and I confirmed that I felt movement simultaneously. It was an incredibly joyful moment for us. It left us feeling close and connected, both with each other, and with the baby. Additionally, it made me feel safe and secure knowing that the movement I had been feeling wasn't entirely in my own head. <br><br>This was a beautiful moment in our relationship and in my pregnancy.","A situation that comes to mind as one that was striking and memorable happened around 2 weeks ago. I was relaxing at home, and my fiancee was in our bedroom watching TV. She called me into the room, telling me she had to show me something. I was expecting it to be a funny picture of our cat, or a video she found that I would be interested in. Instead, when I walked into the bedroom she handed me a home pregnancy test. She told me she was pregnant, she had just taken the test and wanted to tell me right away. <br><br>I was so surprised. We were not really trying to get pregnant, but we were so excited right away. I couldn't believe that this was a journey we were going to start taking together. Later that night, we spent a long time sitting and talking about everything. We went over some decisions we are going to have to make for our baby, and how we would make them. She asked me for help finding a doctor and getting an appointment set up. <br><br>This was all stuff that would have normally been so boring, but it wasn't. It was for our baby, so we were having fun even figuring out insurance things. Everything went by so fast, and I kept feeling more and more excited about the situation and everything that is yet to come.","The author is pregnant and worried about the health of their baby, especially as it is difficult to know what is happening inside. They eagerly wait to feel their baby move, and eventually do, but doubt themselves until their husband also feels the movements. This brings them joy and a sense of connection with each other and the baby, and makes the author feel more secure about their pregnancy.","
The author's fiancee surprised them with news of her pregnancy. Although they were not trying to conceive, they were excited to start the journey together. They spent the night discussing decisions they would have to make and were enthusiastic about everything that was to come.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.0,3.0
303,"(37, 90)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am pregnant, and with that has come all sorts of thrills and fears. Overall, things have been going smoothly, but I am still prone to worry that something might be amiss with the baby. This is particularly due to the fact that it is difficult to know what is going on inside, especially in the early months. As my pregnancy progressed, I was eagerly waiting for the moment when I would begin to feel the baby move. This didn't happen as early as something of the books indicated it might, which lead to worry. Eventually, though, I began to feel fluttering movements that seemed different from other sensations I had experienced. <br><br>I became fairly confident these movements were the baby, but it was still easy to doubt myself. Two weeks of this mix of confidence and doubt was relieved one night, though. I felt some kicks (at least what I hoped were kicks), and I encourage my husband to feel my belly. It was doubtful if he could feel anything yet, as the doctor indicated it might be awhile before anyone else could sense movement, but he felt something. <br><br>In that moment, his face lit up with excitement, especially as the baby kept kicking, affirming what he was feeling. He held up a finger every time he felt something, and I confirmed that I felt movement simultaneously. It was an incredibly joyful moment for us. It left us feeling close and connected, both with each other, and with the baby. Additionally, it made me feel safe and secure knowing that the movement I had been feeling wasn't entirely in my own head. <br><br>This was a beautiful moment in our relationship and in my pregnancy.","On July 9, 2019 I moving in with my Celia. This is kinda weird, because this is the first time I have ever moved in with a partner. I have had partners where we would spend 10 straight nights together, but we never reached the point where we had a dresser or permanent spot for clothes/ accessories. Walking through the door was such a rush of excitement and washing away of nerves to see the place I will be living in finally. <br><br>It is crazy to be moving all the way across the country to chase down a relationship, but this is a crazy amazing opportunity. I'm so grateful that I decided to go off and take this risk as well as my parents supporting it. Their contribution to make this happen really makes it all possible. The sadness of really having my friends and family so far gone, is at least now not present, because of my focus on the now. <br><br>It's so reassuring to see Celia's perkiness and hear the positivity in her voice. It is such a reaffirmation of the decision to watch her show me her place that she has shown me so much before but only through her phone. It is midday and it is hot up here. That doesn't get in the way of just pressing her body so tightly to the side of mine as she talks about each room. The heat is like melting us together and I feel that close to her. Just energy of joy is bounding through my body. <br><br>Each part of the tour is revealing a part of my future, however long or short it is. As the day goes on, I still feel like a guest in the house, but that feeling is slowly riding away. Celia prepared a wonderful salad for us for dinner, which is just not her thing. It was great though, because it was her way of going out of her way to make this a great first day. Washing the dishes with her really made me feel closer and more part of the homeness that I hope to settle into. <br><br>Finding a good groove to sit in felt like I was making a long term investment. While she laid under my arm it placed over her like a puzzle piece fitting in. It feels like the right decision and that this is going to be a positive experience no matter how it ends.","The author is pregnant and worried about the health of their baby, especially as it is difficult to know what is happening inside. They eagerly wait to feel their baby move, and eventually do, but doubt themselves until their husband also feels the movements. This brings them joy and a sense of connection with each other and the baby, and makes the author feel more secure about their pregnancy.","The author has moved in with their partner, Celia, for the first time. Despite the distance from their friends and family, they feel grateful for the opportunity and reassured by Celia's positivity. The day is spent touring the house and settling in, with the author feeling closer to Celia and hopeful for a positive experience.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,3.0,2.0
304,"(38, 158)","(0.553, 0.755]","The event that I remember the most is the death of my uncle whom I was very close to. He got very sick with pneumonia, and went to the hospital. When he was in the hospital they found two spots on his lung. When he was first admitted to the hospital he was spitting up some blood but everyone thought it was because of the pneumonia. <br><br>While he was at the hospital the bleeding got much worse. He started spitting up so much blood that the white wash rags at the hospital were completely red. We knew that he had one spot on his lung that the doctors were following, but the second spot came as a surprise. He was never officially diagnosed with lung cancer but we know that is what he had. <br><br>The bleeding got so bad that they had to give him a suction hose to keep it cleared out. He got to where he could not breath at all and his oxygen was turned up as high as it would go. He never wanted to be put on life support so the family just stayed by his side as all the machines were turned off and he drew his last breath. <br><br>I was devastated having to watch someone that was so strong and loved life so much take his last breath. My uncle was my last living relative other than cousins. He was our family elder. I grew up with him and my aunt being just right down the road from me for over 30 years. <br><br>Life goes on, but it certainly will be a lot sadder without him.","I wasn't really ever that close with my mother. I would see her as a child when I could, because she had diabetes and her mental health was bad. She also had substance issues and a new boyfriend every 3 months. <br><br>One day my grandma gets a call that my mom is in the hospital. That day I decided to not go into her hospital room because I was used to visiting her in the hospital due to her health. I always regret that I didn't go see her. I don't even remember the last time I saw her alive. <br><br>She was in a coma. I was 11 years old when she died. My mom was friends with drug addicts, and what not so I never knew fully how she died. Some of my family members told me it was from heroine. Others say it was her diabetes. I don't even know who was with her when she spoke her last words. <br><br>She died a couple weeks after I just started middle school. I felt so alone. The last time I saw her was in an open casket with 10 pounds of makeup to cover up. <br><br>I was still grieving so I decided to skip her funeral because I was scared.","
The writer recalls the death of their uncle, who was hospitalized with pneumonia and later found to have two spots on his lung. Despite not being formally diagnosed with lung cancer, the uncle's condition deteriorated rapidly and he ultimately passed away. The writer was devastated by the loss of their beloved relative, who had been a significant presence in their life for over 30 years.","
The author had a distant relationship with their mother, who struggled with diabetes, mental health, and substance abuse. When their mother was hospitalized, the author chose not to visit and later regretted it. The mother passed away and the author missed the funeral due to grief and fear. The cause of death is unknown, with some family members suggesting drug use and others blaming diabetes.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,3.0,3.0
305,"(38, 56)","(0.553, 0.755]","The event that I remember the most is the death of my uncle whom I was very close to. He got very sick with pneumonia, and went to the hospital. When he was in the hospital they found two spots on his lung. When he was first admitted to the hospital he was spitting up some blood but everyone thought it was because of the pneumonia. <br><br>While he was at the hospital the bleeding got much worse. He started spitting up so much blood that the white wash rags at the hospital were completely red. We knew that he had one spot on his lung that the doctors were following, but the second spot came as a surprise. He was never officially diagnosed with lung cancer but we know that is what he had. <br><br>The bleeding got so bad that they had to give him a suction hose to keep it cleared out. He got to where he could not breath at all and his oxygen was turned up as high as it would go. He never wanted to be put on life support so the family just stayed by his side as all the machines were turned off and he drew his last breath. <br><br>I was devastated having to watch someone that was so strong and loved life so much take his last breath. My uncle was my last living relative other than cousins. He was our family elder. I grew up with him and my aunt being just right down the road from me for over 30 years. <br><br>Life goes on, but it certainly will be a lot sadder without him.","My nephew was hurt on the job, a place he goes daily with no care in the world. A place we never expected this to happen. And the seriousness of the injury was intense. Broken jaw, knocked unconcious - very much out of it and not well, he needed wires in his jaw and a very big amount of surgery. All this from being too hungry and passing out and being sick. <br><br>I felt something was a tad off that night, almost a gut feeling if you will, but I didn't think anything of it, until the text messages started pouring in the next morning. I was very upset and nervous, and it brought back many bad memories and feelings of my own personal experience in 2008 - a dangerous car accident. <br><br>In my accident I too suffered fractures to my face and bones. It brought back many memories from a bad time. Based on what the paramedics stated, it was a scene of horrors. Blood was everywhere, and his lip had split with his teeth actually protruding through his lower jaw. Having to be instantly sedated due to shock, he became quite sick. <br><br>We all got together and prayed. It was all we could so in this situation. Thankfully, he is now on the mend. I'm his Uncle, this had a pretty profound affect on me. I was sullen and down, thinking about many things past and present. But we look forward to a bright future.","
The writer recalls the death of their uncle, who was hospitalized with pneumonia and later found to have two spots on his lung. Despite not being formally diagnosed with lung cancer, the uncle's condition deteriorated rapidly and he ultimately passed away. The writer was devastated by the loss of their beloved relative, who had been a significant presence in their life for over 30 years.","
The narrator's nephew was seriously injured on the job due to being too hungry and passing out. The injury was intense and required a lot of surgery. The incident brought back memories of the narrator's own personal experience with a dangerous car accident, but thankfully, the nephew is now on the mend and the family is looking forward to a bright future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.0,2.5
306,"(39, 106)","(0.553, 0.755]","My teenage daughter told me two days ago that she is bisexual. I am a very conservative, religious person, and she has always gone to church and expressed similar values, so this was a shock. She didn't know how to tell me, so she wrote a note and gave it to me. After reading it, I just hugged her and held her and told her I would always love her. We both cried for a long time. <br><br>It is so hard growing up today. There are so many confusing messages coming from so many different places. It is a scary world, and the one place a kid should feel safe and accepted is at home. I hope my daughter always feels that way. <br><br>She said her biggest fear was that we would treat her differently now. I told her we might have to muddle through some awkward questions and conversations together, but that I will be here to support her health and happiness. <br><br>I think all moms worry about whether they are good enough or if there was some point in some area where they failed their kids. I am wrestling with these questions now. I have a renewed determination to be connected and present with my kids. I think our family can and will grow stronger and closer.","This event occurred over 3 months ago. I will forever remember it as something sticking and in all honesty, the day I became an adult. Not that I wasn't one already. On that day, I remember I did everything as I would each day prior to work. I ate breakfast, drank my regular cup of coffee with cinnamon sprinkled on top, etc. <br><br>However, on my way home, I began thinking about an argument I had with my mom a few days prior. I was thinking about how it made me feel and the events that led up to the event. As I parked, I saw that no one was home except my mom. I went ahead and entered my house, and went to grab a snack. As I closed the refrigerator, I saw my mom standing in the hallway. I approached her to speak about the events from the other day. We went back and forth in a very emotional conversation. This was probably one of the most intense conversation I have ever had with my mom. She told me so many things that it made me think twice about how I was behaving towards her. <br><br>It was the day that I found out my mom did not know how to swim. I HAD NO IDEA. I was honestly so shocked and surprised that I had seen my mom in pools before, but never knew she couldn't swim. How can I not know something so important about my mom?Which made me realize that I only have one mother. I should be paying more attention to her. I should be bonding with her more. Because one day, she will not be there. <br><br>After the compelling conversation, we then proceeded to plan a mother/daughter day. We planned to eat tacos that weekend and watch a movie together, which we did. It was honestly of the best weekends ever. Very moving moment for me.","
A conservative and religious mother was shocked when her teenage daughter revealed she was bisexual. The daughter gave her mother a note and they both cried and hugged, with the mother reassuring her daughter that she would always love and support her. The mother reflects on the challenges of raising children in a confusing world and hopes to strengthen their family bond moving forward.","
The author had an emotional conversation with their mother about an argument they had. During this conversation, the author found out that their mother didn't know how to swim and realized they needed to spend more time with her. They planned a mother/daughter day and had a great weekend together.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.0
307,"(4, 164)","(0.426, 0.438]","As a senior, I've been in reflection mode this semester and I've always hated how college has made even the coolest, smartest, and kindest people I know lose themselves to a lack of confidence and self-compassion. I think we take self-love for granted assuming it comes naturally when it takes so much work to overcome years of awful things aimed at making us like ourselves less. <br><br>Please realize you are all amazing and strong and capable. I hope we continue to take care of ourselves and end up thriving after graduation.","All these backhanded compliments like ""wow you look good for 30"" need to go. Nobody ever says things like ""wow you look good for 23"". Why? Because it's expected that you will look good at 23. But apparently as the clock strikes midnight and you turn 30, you are supposed to turn into a rotten pumpkin like that carriage in the Cinderella cartoon. <br><br>We dont live in 1840 anymore. People don't age that quickly and drastically anymore! You are supposed to look young at 30! Because you ARE young at 30. <br><br>Yet every time I see a beautiful 30-year-old woman post a selfie there are always people in the comments acting like they are so surprised she looks good cause of course she is supposed to look like a wrinkly grandma. <br><br>We can't say the rational part of the brain isn't fully developed until age 25 and at the same time act like you get old once you turn 30. Are you saying that I only had 5 years of my life to enjoy the time when I was fully developed but not old yet? Sounds pretty unfair if you ask me. <br><br>If you want to compliment a person, just say ""you look good"". Don't say ""you look good for 30"" just the same way you wouldn't say ""you're funny for a woman"".","
The author reflects on their college experience and notes how many people they know have lost confidence and self-compassion. They believe that self-love takes work to overcome negative experiences and it should not be taken for granted. The author encourages everyone to realize their strength and capabilities and to take care of themselves to thrive after graduation.","The author argues that backhanded compliments like ""you look good for 30"" need to stop because people are supposed to look young and attractive at 30. The author criticizes the idea that turning 30 means you become old and unattractive, and points out the inconsistency of saying that the rational brain isn't fully developed until 25 while acting like someone is old at 30. The author suggests that people should just say ""you look good"" instead of adding qualifiers like ""for your age.""",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
308,"(4, 279)","(0.553, 0.755]","As a senior, I've been in reflection mode this semester and I've always hated how college has made even the coolest, smartest, and kindest people I know lose themselves to a lack of confidence and self-compassion. I think we take self-love for granted assuming it comes naturally when it takes so much work to overcome years of awful things aimed at making us like ourselves less. <br><br>Please realize you are all amazing and strong and capable. I hope we continue to take care of ourselves and end up thriving after graduation.","Despite having a low income background, my mom fought to make sure I had a a high income education. So I went to some good schools, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Northwestern University for law school, and it hasn't been easy. Even as an undergrad, I had to pay my way through after not having the capability to do my financial aid stuff right and doing poorly and my brother passing away when I was in college. <br><br>And the jokes that grown kids were making jokes and I was waiting tables, working a lot of jobs. Folks calling me all sorts of names and saying, aren't you gonna wait on me today? Are you sure you're not working today? You need to be waiting on me. <br><br>One of the things I was grateful for is I always had a glimpse of what life was going to be like for my family and I, and it wasn't gonna be a one-way struggle my whole life. As long as I stay focused and paid attention to the right things, I would be all right. <br><br>Now it's painful, of course, being made fun of by classmates for wearing hand me down clothes and stuff from Goodwill and all that. Studying by candlelight, because you didn't have the lights. You have to know deep down that whatever's going on in your life is not gonna be your story, that's just gonna be a chapter.","
The author reflects on their college experience and notes how many people they know have lost confidence and self-compassion. They believe that self-love takes work to overcome negative experiences and it should not be taken for granted. The author encourages everyone to realize their strength and capabilities and to take care of themselves to thrive after graduation.","
The author's mother made sure they received a high-income education despite their low-income background. Despite struggling to pay for their education, the author attended prestigious universities and law school. They experienced ridicule for their financial situation, but remained focused on their goals, knowing that their current struggles were just a chapter in their larger story.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.0
309,"(40, 67)","(0.553, 0.755]","A big chunk of my family attended the ELO concert in Atlanta on July 5th of this year. I come from a very large family (I'm the youngest of 7) and there were 10 of us total who attended the concert. It was an awesome show and I would rate it as one of the top 6 or 7 concerts I have ever attended - and I have attended a LOT. It was so enriching to spend time with my siblings because we don't get to do that often enough. <br><br>This event was also memorable for one other reason. My brother bought the tickets last December when they first went on sale. He bought enough for everyone, including my oldest brother's wife. She was so excited - she had never seen ELO live. <br><br>Unfortunately, something tragic happened just 6 weeks before the concert. She was outside in her garden and she had a massive aneurysm. She was rushed to the hospital but it was too late. She passed away that night. We lost someone very special and dear to our hearts and the pain was palpable. <br><br>My oldest brother decided he didn't want to go to the concert after she passed away. He said it just didn't feel right. After numerous conversations, we convinced him to go. His oldest son took her place. It was an emotional evening while we were at the concert but it was exactly what our family needed. <br><br>We miss her terribly - and we will always miss her terribly - and the concert was dedicated to her.","In August of this year, I went with my wife and our kids, along with my father in law and my sister in law and her family to spread the ashes of my mother in law. We hiked up a trail in the Colorado National Monument, near Grand Junction Colorado, to one of her favorite spots to visit. It took about half an hour to get there. It was my first time going, but my wife and kids had gone before when my mother in law was not sick. <br><br>When we got to the spot, a large cliff overlooking the area, we took a few minutes to look around and enjoy the scenery. Then we found a small juniper tree that sat near the edge, and my father in law spread the ashes around the base. My kids hung up some trinkets they had brought that reminded them of their grandma, and everyone had brought a stone from her collection to stack on the spot. <br><br>After we had done this, my father in law sat down and started crying. It was hard to watch, as he had never displayed that kind of emotion around me before. My older daughter sat down next to him and they just sat there for a while and looked out on the valley ahead of them. She was the most in tune with her grandfather of all the grandchildren. She was the oldest, and had recently spent several months living with her grandparents, and had really grown to be close with them. <br><br>After they had sat for a while and came to terms with the moment, we went to one of my mother in law's favorite mexican restaurants to have dinner. We all talked about the memories we had of her, and her personality traits that stood out. My wife had a peach margarita in her honor, as that was one of her favorite drinks.","
The author and their family attended an ELO concert in Atlanta with 10 people. One family member who was supposed to attend passed away six weeks before the concert. The family convinced the oldest brother to attend and his son took the place of the deceased family member at the concert, which was dedicated to her.","
The author and their family hiked to a spot in Colorado National Monument to spread the ashes of their mother-in-law. They placed the ashes around a small juniper tree and added trinkets and stones from her collection. The author's father-in-law cried, and their eldest daughter sat with him while they looked out over the valley. They later went to a Mexican restaurant to honor their mother-in-law's memory.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.5,3.5,3.0
310,"(41, 56)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am heading home from work when I was hit from behind in my car by somebody not paying attention. This was always a possibility, with driving for work each day, but I always thought my defensive driving strategies and confidence in my abilities would be able to avoid it. But, sometimes, other factors play a role in my life experiences. The damage to my car was heart-breaking to see, because I knew what was to come. <br><br>The accident caused my car to be totaled, along with my confidence on the road. The driver was not helpful, he did not care and lied to my face and to the police officer. This made me angry, and lowered my trust even further in people, which is already very low. <br><br>The funds, I had been saving would now need to be used for a car, which was not part of any plan. All the time and effort spent on saving, seems to have been for nothing, and once again I feel like a failure due to this financial situation. <br><br>Then, my luck seemed to change, the car was quoted by an insurance agent and I received a lot more money then I thought for the car. I was happy again, but that withered away as I began searching for a replacement car. I was forced to take on more bills and even more worry. <br><br>On the plus side, I finally have a decent car that is nice and dependable, but my confidence and anxiety are in a rough place. I am now even more worried about driving, and damages to my new car that I have to pay a lot of money for many years. <br><br>The confidence I had in my driving has still not come back, and this makes me feel like I lack ability and weak-minded. I hope this passes, because I do not like feeling worse about my life. I will have to work on getting my confidence back, and reducing the amount of daily worry I have. <br><br>This was not a great day or experience, and has definitely impacted my life each day since August 5th, but I think it will pass soon and I can have finally my mind and confidence back.","My nephew was hurt on the job, a place he goes daily with no care in the world. A place we never expected this to happen. And the seriousness of the injury was intense. Broken jaw, knocked unconcious - very much out of it and not well, he needed wires in his jaw and a very big amount of surgery. All this from being too hungry and passing out and being sick. <br><br>I felt something was a tad off that night, almost a gut feeling if you will, but I didn't think anything of it, until the text messages started pouring in the next morning. I was very upset and nervous, and it brought back many bad memories and feelings of my own personal experience in 2008 - a dangerous car accident. <br><br>In my accident I too suffered fractures to my face and bones. It brought back many memories from a bad time. Based on what the paramedics stated, it was a scene of horrors. Blood was everywhere, and his lip had split with his teeth actually protruding through his lower jaw. Having to be instantly sedated due to shock, he became quite sick. <br><br>We all got together and prayed. It was all we could so in this situation. Thankfully, he is now on the mend. I'm his Uncle, this had a pretty profound affect on me. I was sullen and down, thinking about many things past and present. But we look forward to a bright future.","The author was hit from behind in their car while heading home from work, causing their car to be totaled and their confidence on the road to be lowered. The driver who caused the accident was unhelpful and lied to the police. The author received more money than expected from the insurance, but the experience has left them worried and lacking in confidence while driving.","
The narrator's nephew was seriously injured on the job due to being too hungry and passing out. The injury was intense and required a lot of surgery. The incident brought back memories of the narrator's own personal experience with a dangerous car accident, but thankfully, the nephew is now on the mend and the family is looking forward to a bright future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,2.5,3.5,3.0
311,"(41, 68)","(0.553, 0.755]","I am heading home from work when I was hit from behind in my car by somebody not paying attention. This was always a possibility, with driving for work each day, but I always thought my defensive driving strategies and confidence in my abilities would be able to avoid it. But, sometimes, other factors play a role in my life experiences. The damage to my car was heart-breaking to see, because I knew what was to come. <br><br>The accident caused my car to be totaled, along with my confidence on the road. The driver was not helpful, he did not care and lied to my face and to the police officer. This made me angry, and lowered my trust even further in people, which is already very low. <br><br>The funds, I had been saving would now need to be used for a car, which was not part of any plan. All the time and effort spent on saving, seems to have been for nothing, and once again I feel like a failure due to this financial situation. <br><br>Then, my luck seemed to change, the car was quoted by an insurance agent and I received a lot more money then I thought for the car. I was happy again, but that withered away as I began searching for a replacement car. I was forced to take on more bills and even more worry. <br><br>On the plus side, I finally have a decent car that is nice and dependable, but my confidence and anxiety are in a rough place. I am now even more worried about driving, and damages to my new car that I have to pay a lot of money for many years. <br><br>The confidence I had in my driving has still not come back, and this makes me feel like I lack ability and weak-minded. I hope this passes, because I do not like feeling worse about my life. I will have to work on getting my confidence back, and reducing the amount of daily worry I have. <br><br>This was not a great day or experience, and has definitely impacted my life each day since August 5th, but I think it will pass soon and I can have finally my mind and confidence back.","This happened about 3 months ago. I was driving with my brother back from the movie theater when we were sideswiped by another car. It spun us around into the median and was completely terrifying. It really came out of nowhere and gave me no time to react or take any preventative measures. We both looked at each other shocked when we came to a stop. We checked on each other to make sure we were both okay, which we were. <br><br>We got out of my car to assess the damage and make sure the other driver was okay. The other driver got out of their car and was obviously under the influence. You could see the wobble in them from 20 feet away. My car, which was pretty new, was smashed in the rear driver side, but not as bad as I would have thought. <br><br>The other driver looked to be in his mid 20s and started to freak out a bit when he realized that we were calling the police. The police got there really quickly and gave the guy a field sobriety test which he failed miserably. I exchanged information with one of the officers while we waited for a tow truck to come. The other driver was arrested and my car was towed away. <br><br>It is the only major accident I've ever been in besides one or two small fender benders in parking lots. Surprisingly, my car was mostly okay. It's a 2012 Subaru Legacy that I spent a lot of time saving up for. I'm not entirely sure what happened to the other driver, but his insurance settled out with us. <br><br>Ironically, my car was salvaged out about a month later due to hail damage (somehow that was more costly than this accident).","The author was hit from behind in their car while heading home from work, causing their car to be totaled and their confidence on the road to be lowered. The driver who caused the accident was unhelpful and lied to the police. The author received more money than expected from the insurance, but the experience has left them worried and lacking in confidence while driving.","
The author and his brother were in a car accident when they were sideswiped by a drunk driver. The other driver failed a field sobriety test and was arrested. The author's car was damaged but surprisingly mostly okay, although it was later salvaged due to hail damage.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.5,3.5,3.5
312,"(42, 95)","(0.553, 0.755]","In late May of 2019 I had an overdose at a unexpected time in my life. I was going through many things such as my mother being in a comatose state, me losing my job, and falling in love with someone who didn't deserve me. During this time I fell back deeply in love with something other than myself or another person. I fell back on something that was dependable and reliant. I fell back on drugs. I knew that it would happen to someone, but never that it would happen to me. <br><br>I couldn't bring myself to believe that I would someday need Naloxone to be revived from the point of death twice. The effects of the drugs started to happen around 7:00 pm est when I started to go into a heavy sleep. My friend pulled the car over to assist me in waking up and start CPR on me until the ambulance arrived. <br><br>It took the ambulance about 15 minutes to get there, and to administer the Naloxone. At this point I was unconscious with no pulse until the Naloxone was administered. Once inside of the ambulance I died once more with no pulse until the EMT attendants started CPR and resuscitated me. <br><br>I ended up going to the nearest hospital which was about 25 minutes away. I was kept in isolation for about six hours while the nurses and doctors ran test on me. I ended up having side effects from the situation. I was diagnosed with pneumonia, collapsed lungs, and bruised lungs. <br><br>I was released from the hospital that night, but had to return for a two day stay at the commonwealth hospital. I had never felt so drained in my life before until this moment where i felt like i could just rest, and finally be safe.","On August 19, 2019, I went to see my new neurologist concerning my MS. I have had MS for many years but over the last 10 years or so, I moved from relapsing remitting to secondary progressive. I have been having a lot of problems with falling and stumbling and the fatigue has been horrible. To further complicate the issue I fell on April 2nd this year and tore up my knee, which exacerbated the MS. <br><br>I started back to work the first day of school, August 14th. I substitute in high needs SPED. I knew I wasn't doing well with my MS, but it came as a complete shock to me when my doctor told me I was ""running out of reserves/ basically about out of reserves"" and I need to conserve my energy NOW. <br><br>She said I should not be working, which I love my students, but she understood why I continued. Now, I am having to cut back my days at school and have accepted the fact that this year will be last year of teaching, I want to use my energy for doing the other things I love, which is travelling. I am going to Italy in September and will have to go on a rollator/wheelchair. <br><br>I am devastated, I have been bursting into tears, even at school, I am having problems coping with this new news. It's almost like when I was first diagnosed, but worse now because of my age. I have always ""pushed through"" and tried to exercise my legs. I have been told I should really STOP now to reserve whatever I have left. <br><br>I am using my walker at home now, so that is helping with my falling. However, because I used to be paralyzed from my waist down and spent years on my scooter, I do not want to have to use a scooter again. I donated both of mine. I also had hand controls in my vehicle, which I am afraid I might have to do again. I am okay with that aid. <br><br>I simply feel like I am going backwards, even though I have known for the 34 years I've had MS it is a progressive disease. Now that my husband is retired and we can do things, it is so difficult for me, though I thoroughly enjoy travelling. <br><br>This new news about my MS has been emotionally and mentally exhausting.","
The author had an unexpected overdose while going through a difficult time with their mother in a comatose state, losing their job, and falling in love with someone who didn't deserve them. They fell back on drugs and needed Naloxone to be revived from the point of death twice. They were diagnosed with pneumonia, collapsed lungs, and bruised lungs, and had to stay in the hospital for two days.","
The author visited a neurologist about their multiple sclerosis (MS) and was shocked to learn that they were running out of reserves and needed to conserve their energy. The doctor advised the author to stop working, which is devastating as they love their job teaching high needs SPED. They are now using a walker at home to prevent falling and need to use a rollator/wheelchair for their upcoming trip to Italy, which is emotionally and mentally exhausting.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.0,2.5,1.5
313,"(43, 105)","(0.553, 0.755]","Over the Memorial Day holiday in the United States, my family of 12 and I went on a family vacation. We rented a huge log cabin in the mountains that included pin ball machines, old school video games, a pool table, swimming pool, hot tub, and large enough areas that all of us could sit around and talk. <br><br>This vacation was especially memorable because my parents who are in their 70's, were able to spend time with all 5 of their grandchildren, son-in-law, nephew, married in relatives, and myself, their oldest daughter. We spent a lot of time laughing and cooking together. We would sit out on the balcony and look at the breathtaking views. We were very high up on the mountain and the drive up was pretty scary at times, LOL, yet that provided us with a lot of pictures and memories that will last forever. <br><br>There were a few times that we went into the city to shop, go out to eat, and explore what the Smokey Mountains had to offer. One evening we went to a new area where there is a huge farris wheel. While I personally would not go on it, several of my family members did, and when they were at the top they took awesome pictures. My nephew said, holy crap, that thing is tall. The way he said it was so funny. He is a little guy so seeing him look at the farris wheel and understand the height of it was cool. <br><br>Every morning my husband and son-in-law would go fishing. One day they brought back Trout. After they cleaned the fish my son-in-law put it on the grill and cooked it for anyone who wanted some. The first batch of fish was excellent and everyone ate it. By this time everyone was full. He still had one more fish that he had to cook. As I was eating this fish I noticed that it didn't entirely look done. I picked at it a few more times. <br><br>That evening we all sat around the cabin talking and playing games. We had our telescope there so we were able to look at the stars at night and find the constellations. <br><br>After everyone went to bed, I woke up around midnight thinking I was dying. Nope, FOOD POISONING!!! While it was not funny at the time because I was literally thinking that I was dying, I look back now and laugh because everyone talks about me getting food poisoning and the shape that I was in. Lucky for them, I took one for the team.","It's always nice to spend time with my family. We usually don't all get together often, but I'm glad that we did this time. We ended up going to a water park, which is totally new for me! I've been to regular theme parks, but never a certified water park. I'm glad this is where we went because this day was super fun (even with the perils of summer). <br><br>As always, the lines to get in were long. It was hot outside. I almost got stung by a bee! It was all well worth it because I got to conquer my fears. Theme park rides scare me. The speed, the slopes, that fluttering feeling in my stomach, the dark tunnels. Getting me on one takes an awful lot of persuasion! <br><br>However, I faced my fear. I went on one of the most intense rides in the park, and I survived! I was screaming the whole way down, but I did it. I am proud of myself and had so much fun!","The writer went on a family vacation with 12 people to a log cabin in the mountains that had various amenities. Everyone had a great time spending time together, laughing, and cooking. They also went into the city to explore and went fishing, but the writer got food poisoning after eating some undercooked fish that was grilled.","
The writer spends time with their family at a water park, which is a new experience for them. Despite the long lines, hot weather, and a near bee sting, they conquer their fear of theme park rides and go on one of the most intense rides in the park. They scream the whole way down but are proud of themselves and have a great time.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.5,2.0,2.0
314,"(43, 56)","(0.519, 0.553]","Over the Memorial Day holiday in the United States, my family of 12 and I went on a family vacation. We rented a huge log cabin in the mountains that included pin ball machines, old school video games, a pool table, swimming pool, hot tub, and large enough areas that all of us could sit around and talk. <br><br>This vacation was especially memorable because my parents who are in their 70's, were able to spend time with all 5 of their grandchildren, son-in-law, nephew, married in relatives, and myself, their oldest daughter. We spent a lot of time laughing and cooking together. We would sit out on the balcony and look at the breathtaking views. We were very high up on the mountain and the drive up was pretty scary at times, LOL, yet that provided us with a lot of pictures and memories that will last forever. <br><br>There were a few times that we went into the city to shop, go out to eat, and explore what the Smokey Mountains had to offer. One evening we went to a new area where there is a huge farris wheel. While I personally would not go on it, several of my family members did, and when they were at the top they took awesome pictures. My nephew said, holy crap, that thing is tall. The way he said it was so funny. He is a little guy so seeing him look at the farris wheel and understand the height of it was cool. <br><br>Every morning my husband and son-in-law would go fishing. One day they brought back Trout. After they cleaned the fish my son-in-law put it on the grill and cooked it for anyone who wanted some. The first batch of fish was excellent and everyone ate it. By this time everyone was full. He still had one more fish that he had to cook. As I was eating this fish I noticed that it didn't entirely look done. I picked at it a few more times. <br><br>That evening we all sat around the cabin talking and playing games. We had our telescope there so we were able to look at the stars at night and find the constellations. <br><br>After everyone went to bed, I woke up around midnight thinking I was dying. Nope, FOOD POISONING!!! While it was not funny at the time because I was literally thinking that I was dying, I look back now and laugh because everyone talks about me getting food poisoning and the shape that I was in. Lucky for them, I took one for the team.","My nephew was hurt on the job, a place he goes daily with no care in the world. A place we never expected this to happen. And the seriousness of the injury was intense. Broken jaw, knocked unconcious - very much out of it and not well, he needed wires in his jaw and a very big amount of surgery. All this from being too hungry and passing out and being sick. <br><br>I felt something was a tad off that night, almost a gut feeling if you will, but I didn't think anything of it, until the text messages started pouring in the next morning. I was very upset and nervous, and it brought back many bad memories and feelings of my own personal experience in 2008 - a dangerous car accident. <br><br>In my accident I too suffered fractures to my face and bones. It brought back many memories from a bad time. Based on what the paramedics stated, it was a scene of horrors. Blood was everywhere, and his lip had split with his teeth actually protruding through his lower jaw. Having to be instantly sedated due to shock, he became quite sick. <br><br>We all got together and prayed. It was all we could so in this situation. Thankfully, he is now on the mend. I'm his Uncle, this had a pretty profound affect on me. I was sullen and down, thinking about many things past and present. But we look forward to a bright future.","The writer went on a family vacation with 12 people to a log cabin in the mountains that had various amenities. Everyone had a great time spending time together, laughing, and cooking. They also went into the city to explore and went fishing, but the writer got food poisoning after eating some undercooked fish that was grilled.","
The narrator's nephew was seriously injured on the job due to being too hungry and passing out. The injury was intense and required a lot of surgery. The incident brought back memories of the narrator's own personal experience with a dangerous car accident, but thankfully, the nephew is now on the mend and the family is looking forward to a bright future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.0
315,"(44, 76)","(0.519, 0.553]","Just this past Wednesday on August the 21st I performed my Grandfathers funeral. He was 91 and an inspiration to me. I am actually his name sake and named after him. It was a great honer to do his eulogy and cover the wonderful accomplishments of such a great man that I have looked up to my entire life. All of my family were in attendance, which was a great thing as most of us haven't seen one another in many years. My grandfather always cared about family and made family the point and purpose of his life. Unfortunately, it required his passing to remind us of the that value. He fathered six children and had 9 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren and they were all in attendance to honor his home going! <br><br>Just two years before, in the same month I did my father's funeral and everyone was in attendance there as well. I mention this because at my grandfather's funeral the place was packed, save one empty chair. It was a touching thought that there was one chair left in honor of my father. I mentioned this in the eulogy and hoped that all in the family who know that there is a chair in our home and at the table for every one of them! <br><br>During the funeral I preached a message as well on the lives that are lived as an anchor for others. My Grandfather was most certainly an anchor for all of us as well as grandpa and grandmas house was an anchor for our souls when traveling into town. I also expressed how our faith anchors us in the decisions that we make in life. That many time we can drift too far off course and that life has a way of blowing from our course through storms. Although the winds of life are experienced by everyone, we do not have to allow them to shipwreck us or our faith. Through faith and trust we hold on and are anchored to the rock! <br><br>This was the way that my grandpa lived and that is the way that I hope to live my life as well. In all it was a bitter sweet event for me and there were tears of sadness and of joy. I am glad that my family trusted me to minister to all in this trying time. I was very humbled and honored to do it.","This event happened about two months back. I work from home so my home computer is my life line. Without it I simply couldn't get paid. <br><br>Anyway two months ago my CPU suddenly just died. At first I had no idea what had went wrong, but apparently the cooling gel used to keep the CPU under extreme temps had mostly evaporated, so the CPU was overheating during my late night gaming sessions. <br><br>At the point in time I didn't have enough money to buy a better CPU, I had just finished paying off a bunch of debt that I collected over the years. I pretty much thought I was screwed and maybe had to go out and get a temp job until I had enough money to replace my broken CPU. <br><br>Anyway I had told my mom about it and I guess she told the family because a few days later my mom came over and handed me an envelope of money. At first I thought it was from her and I declined it, I didn't want to take my mother's hard earned money she got from working all those years. <br><br>But she informed me a few of my brothers and sisters got together and pooled in money, enough that I could replace my CPU with a brand new powerful one. I'm not much of an emotional guy, at least in front of others. I try to always keep my cool and play it straight, but I couldn't help as the tears started to fall from my eyes. I was so grateful and thankful that people who loved and cared for me came through and went the extra mile for this. <br><br>My family isn't rich, so I know them giving up their hard earned money to help me out was big. Not saying we're poor, but we're not rich enough where we can just give away money without a care in the world. <br><br>My mom gave me a big hug and in that moment I felt the deepest amount of gratitude I ever experienced in my entire life. From the bottom of my heart I was truly deeply thankful. <br><br>Later on I got together with my brothers and sisters that helped out, throwing them a party in their honor. It was the least I could do for such wonderful family members.","The author performed their grandfather's funeral, who was an inspiration and had a strong focus on family. The funeral had a full attendance except for one chair left in honor of the author's father who had passed two years prior. The author preached a message about how faith can anchor us in life's storms, inspired by their grandfather's way of living.","The author's CPU suddenly died due to overheating caused by evaporated cooling gel, leaving them unable to work from home. They didn't have enough money to replace it, but their family pooled together to give them enough for a new, powerful CPU. The author was overwhelmed with gratitude and threw a party to thank their family members who helped out.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
316,"(45, 102)","(0.553, 0.755]","I have been dating Michelle for nearly three years. In June we went to Rome, Italy for a week long vacation she had booked for us. It was a trip of a lifetime for me as I had rarely traveled anywhere outside of the United States. We left Dallas and flew to London for a 6 hour layover. It was long enough where we could leave the airport and experience a little of the area before flying on to Rome. <br><br>After a few days in Rome touring all of the sites I had only read about we had dinner at an extremely fancy restaurant. It was there that my life changed for the better. I was widowed about ten years ago and I didn't think I would ever marry again. Much to my surprise Michelle proposed to me. I know it isn't the traditional way this was supposed to work but I was floored. <br><br>My heart and mind were racing that I don't even remember saying yes but she said I accepted right away. The look on her face made me the happiest man in the world. I truly believe we were destined to be together but it took me some nudging to make me realize it for real. <br><br>For the rest of the trip I was walking on air. I have finally found happiness in my life again. I felt like the luckiest person on earth.","I have been dating Michael for over two years now. I am 100% sure he is the one. I really could not be happier with him. We have talked about our future and I know he wants to get married. So, I've just been waiting for when he's going to propose. I find myself getting impatient with it but in the end it doesn't matter! <br><br>We recently went to a football game together and I got it in my head that he would propose there. It didn't happen. We had a good time though. I found myself disappointed and irritable because of something I thought was going to happen. <br><br>I wish I could get rid of being impatient and just enjoy myself. He is what I want, regardless of a title. The game and my disappoint made me realize how I was thinking. I kept looking for little clues. And it wasn't fair to him to expect something.","A man had been dating Michelle for almost three years and they went on a week-long vacation to Rome which was a trip of a lifetime for him. They had a layover in London for 6 hours and went out to explore the area. Michelle proposed to him during dinner at a fancy restaurant in Rome, and he was overjoyed and felt like the luckiest person on earth.","
The narrator has been dating Michael for two years and is sure he is the one. She is waiting for him to propose but becomes impatient after a football game where she thought he would propose. She realizes that she needs to stop looking for clues and just enjoy their relationship, regardless of a title.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,1.5
317,"(45, 104)","(0.553, 0.755]","I have been dating Michelle for nearly three years. In June we went to Rome, Italy for a week long vacation she had booked for us. It was a trip of a lifetime for me as I had rarely traveled anywhere outside of the United States. We left Dallas and flew to London for a 6 hour layover. It was long enough where we could leave the airport and experience a little of the area before flying on to Rome. <br><br>After a few days in Rome touring all of the sites I had only read about we had dinner at an extremely fancy restaurant. It was there that my life changed for the better. I was widowed about ten years ago and I didn't think I would ever marry again. Much to my surprise Michelle proposed to me. I know it isn't the traditional way this was supposed to work but I was floored. <br><br>My heart and mind were racing that I don't even remember saying yes but she said I accepted right away. The look on her face made me the happiest man in the world. I truly believe we were destined to be together but it took me some nudging to make me realize it for real. <br><br>For the rest of the trip I was walking on air. I have finally found happiness in my life again. I felt like the luckiest person on earth.",This has been some year for me. When I was a teenager I dreamed of my own family one day. The same dream I've had most of my life. But now that dream has died. <br><br>I have never been someone woman desire or like. I thought I could overcome that obstacle and have my dream family one day. But it all came crashing down this year. I waited too long and gave too little effort to my dream. <br><br>Now my health is slowly worsening and no one wants to be with me. It hurts so much when I think of all the years wasted instead of following my dream. When I look at the rest of my life. I will spend the rest of my days regretting my choices and the chances not taken. <br><br>It's hard to believe but my life is a sad country song. All I can do now is get through each day. Try to make what time I have left have some meaning.,"A man had been dating Michelle for almost three years and they went on a week-long vacation to Rome which was a trip of a lifetime for him. They had a layover in London for 6 hours and went out to explore the area. Michelle proposed to him during dinner at a fancy restaurant in Rome, and he was overjoyed and felt like the luckiest person on earth.","A woman's lifelong dream of having a family has died as she was never desired by anyone. She waited too long and gave too little effort to her dream, and now her health is worsening. She regrets her choices and the chances not taken, but she hopes to make the most of the time she has left.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.0,2.5
318,"(45, 173)","(0.553, 0.755]","I have been dating Michelle for nearly three years. In June we went to Rome, Italy for a week long vacation she had booked for us. It was a trip of a lifetime for me as I had rarely traveled anywhere outside of the United States. We left Dallas and flew to London for a 6 hour layover. It was long enough where we could leave the airport and experience a little of the area before flying on to Rome. <br><br>After a few days in Rome touring all of the sites I had only read about we had dinner at an extremely fancy restaurant. It was there that my life changed for the better. I was widowed about ten years ago and I didn't think I would ever marry again. Much to my surprise Michelle proposed to me. I know it isn't the traditional way this was supposed to work but I was floored. <br><br>My heart and mind were racing that I don't even remember saying yes but she said I accepted right away. The look on her face made me the happiest man in the world. I truly believe we were destined to be together but it took me some nudging to make me realize it for real. <br><br>For the rest of the trip I was walking on air. I have finally found happiness in my life again. I felt like the luckiest person on earth.","I've been with my partner for 10 years. We love each other and are committed to being with each other. But there is no spark anymore, we hardly talk and it's long distance. <br><br>I miss the feeling of texting someone new, butterflies in my tummy, waiting for texts back... that feeling of someone new. <br><br>I'll never have that again and it scares me. At the same time i can't tell him about this and i have no desire to cheat. <br><br>I feel like I'm in a little box.","A man had been dating Michelle for almost three years and they went on a week-long vacation to Rome which was a trip of a lifetime for him. They had a layover in London for 6 hours and went out to explore the area. Michelle proposed to him during dinner at a fancy restaurant in Rome, and he was overjoyed and felt like the luckiest person on earth.","
The narrator has been in a committed, long-distance relationship for 10 years, but there is no longer any spark or communication between them. The narrator misses the feeling of texting someone new and the excitement that comes with it, but does not want to cheat or leave their partner. The narrator feels trapped and uncertain about their future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
319,"(45, 66)","(0.553, 0.755]","I have been dating Michelle for nearly three years. In June we went to Rome, Italy for a week long vacation she had booked for us. It was a trip of a lifetime for me as I had rarely traveled anywhere outside of the United States. We left Dallas and flew to London for a 6 hour layover. It was long enough where we could leave the airport and experience a little of the area before flying on to Rome. <br><br>After a few days in Rome touring all of the sites I had only read about we had dinner at an extremely fancy restaurant. It was there that my life changed for the better. I was widowed about ten years ago and I didn't think I would ever marry again. Much to my surprise Michelle proposed to me. I know it isn't the traditional way this was supposed to work but I was floored. <br><br>My heart and mind were racing that I don't even remember saying yes but she said I accepted right away. The look on her face made me the happiest man in the world. I truly believe we were destined to be together but it took me some nudging to make me realize it for real. <br><br>For the rest of the trip I was walking on air. I have finally found happiness in my life again. I felt like the luckiest person on earth.","Earlier this summer, my neighbor---who I have known my entire life of 34 years---suddenly passed away. At first, I was very shocked. I had just sat down with her around my birthday, and while she mentioned having back pain, she was still sharp as a knife and not sick. <br><br>I have lived in this house forever (as I inherited it from my parents when they passed away, back when I was in college). I grew up knowing this neighbor. I viewed her as part of my extended family. She would always walk her adorable Yorkie dog down the street, and if I were outside, she would stop to talk to me about the day. <br><br>When I learned of her passing, I decided to attend her funeral. Her funeral was on a Thursday. I asked my in-laws if they would watch my son, who is only six. He cared a lot for our neighbor, too, but he is so young he doesn't quite understand the concept of mortality yet. I didn't want to expose him to her if her casket was open. (It was.)<br><br>At the funeral, I talked to other neighbors who were equally upset and sad. I hugged her family. I watched a slideshow of photos that also showed her husband, who had passed away earlier. I liked him, too. <br><br>Now her children are planning to sell her house, and I'm a little nervous. I've never had a new neighbor so close before.","A man had been dating Michelle for almost three years and they went on a week-long vacation to Rome which was a trip of a lifetime for him. They had a layover in London for 6 hours and went out to explore the area. Michelle proposed to him during dinner at a fancy restaurant in Rome, and he was overjoyed and felt like the luckiest person on earth.","
The author's neighbor unexpectedly passed away earlier this summer, leaving the author shocked and saddened. The author attended the neighbor's funeral and spoke with other neighbors who were equally upset. Now, the neighbor's children plan to sell the house, leaving the author nervous about having a new neighbor so close.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,1.5
320,"(45, 82)","(0.553, 0.755]","I have been dating Michelle for nearly three years. In June we went to Rome, Italy for a week long vacation she had booked for us. It was a trip of a lifetime for me as I had rarely traveled anywhere outside of the United States. We left Dallas and flew to London for a 6 hour layover. It was long enough where we could leave the airport and experience a little of the area before flying on to Rome. <br><br>After a few days in Rome touring all of the sites I had only read about we had dinner at an extremely fancy restaurant. It was there that my life changed for the better. I was widowed about ten years ago and I didn't think I would ever marry again. Much to my surprise Michelle proposed to me. I know it isn't the traditional way this was supposed to work but I was floored. <br><br>My heart and mind were racing that I don't even remember saying yes but she said I accepted right away. The look on her face made me the happiest man in the world. I truly believe we were destined to be together but it took me some nudging to make me realize it for real. <br><br>For the rest of the trip I was walking on air. I have finally found happiness in my life again. I felt like the luckiest person on earth.","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me.","A man had been dating Michelle for almost three years and they went on a week-long vacation to Rome which was a trip of a lifetime for him. They had a layover in London for 6 hours and went out to explore the area. Michelle proposed to him during dinner at a fancy restaurant in Rome, and he was overjoyed and felt like the luckiest person on earth.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.0,1.5,1.0
321,"(47, 82)","(0.553, 0.755]","About four months ago, my wife and I sold our first family home. We have a large family. It is my wife and I plus five children. Our oldest daughter started asking us about having her own room. Although we loved that house, we knew it was time to get something bigger. <br><br>Luckily, we sold it after being on the market for only three days. We found a house with more bedrooms quickly, and the whole process was as smooth as it could have been. <br><br>However, it is bittersweet looking back on everything. That house was very special to me. I did a lot of work on it. I saw my children grow and learn and love there. We made so many good memories. We charted how our children grew on a closet door (which is probably still there). It was a wonderful house while it lasted, but things happen and we had to let it go. <br><br>As of today, I can still remember every little nook and cranny of that place. After all, it has only been a few months. However, it is sad to think these memories will eventually fade. <br><br>I love our new house, but that first one will always hold a special place in my heart.","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me.","
The author and his wife sold their first family home four months ago to find a bigger house for their large family. Although they found a new home quickly, the author feels bittersweet about leaving their old house where they made many good memories. While he loves their new house, the first one will always hold a special place in his heart.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,2.5,2.5
322,"(48, 95)","(0.553, 0.755]","A week ago, I was having pain in my back. I thought it was just normal wear and tear until the pain got worse in the afternoon. It was so sharp and felt like something was squeezing on my insides. It no longer seemed like it was routine back pain so I decided to go to the emergency room. It took forever for someone to see me, and I was worried because the pain continued. <br><br>A nurse came in to see me, asked what my symptoms were, and then told me I would need to undergo some tests. I waited some more hours before the big scanning machine was available. The scan was painless, and after I was done, I went to use the bathroom since I was told the doctor would come talk to me soon. <br><br>I immediately felt the pain disappear after using the bathroom. When I was waiting for the doctor, a nurse came in the room and told me the doctor would be in shortly, she was just on the phone with the radiologist. I immediately felt panic set in. Why would she be talking to a radiologist? I thought the worst and believed that I must have had something very seriously wrong with me. I started to think of all of the things I was going to miss out in life, and felt extremely sad and hopeless. <br><br>When the doctor arrived, she didn't have a gloomy expression on her face, so I felt hopeful. She said that I had kidney stones. I immediately felt better, even though kidney stones are serious. I didn't know that radiologists look over all the scans the machine does. I thought they only got involved if it was a very serious disease. <br><br>I told her that I felt better after using the bathroom, and she said that it was possible I already passed the kidney stone. Just to be sure, she gave me medications to shrink any stones and to help heal quicker. I was so relieved after that. I felt like I had a new lease on life, and decided to commit myself to eating healthier and drinking much more water.","On August 19, 2019, I went to see my new neurologist concerning my MS. I have had MS for many years but over the last 10 years or so, I moved from relapsing remitting to secondary progressive. I have been having a lot of problems with falling and stumbling and the fatigue has been horrible. To further complicate the issue I fell on April 2nd this year and tore up my knee, which exacerbated the MS. <br><br>I started back to work the first day of school, August 14th. I substitute in high needs SPED. I knew I wasn't doing well with my MS, but it came as a complete shock to me when my doctor told me I was ""running out of reserves/ basically about out of reserves"" and I need to conserve my energy NOW. <br><br>She said I should not be working, which I love my students, but she understood why I continued. Now, I am having to cut back my days at school and have accepted the fact that this year will be last year of teaching, I want to use my energy for doing the other things I love, which is travelling. I am going to Italy in September and will have to go on a rollator/wheelchair. <br><br>I am devastated, I have been bursting into tears, even at school, I am having problems coping with this new news. It's almost like when I was first diagnosed, but worse now because of my age. I have always ""pushed through"" and tried to exercise my legs. I have been told I should really STOP now to reserve whatever I have left. <br><br>I am using my walker at home now, so that is helping with my falling. However, because I used to be paralyzed from my waist down and spent years on my scooter, I do not want to have to use a scooter again. I donated both of mine. I also had hand controls in my vehicle, which I am afraid I might have to do again. I am okay with that aid. <br><br>I simply feel like I am going backwards, even though I have known for the 34 years I've had MS it is a progressive disease. Now that my husband is retired and we can do things, it is so difficult for me, though I thoroughly enjoy travelling. <br><br>This new news about my MS has been emotionally and mentally exhausting.","The author experiences severe back pain and visits the emergency room. After undergoing a scan, they are told they have kidney stones. The doctor prescribes medication and the author decides to make lifestyle changes to prevent future problems.","
The author visited a neurologist about their multiple sclerosis (MS) and was shocked to learn that they were running out of reserves and needed to conserve their energy. The doctor advised the author to stop working, which is devastating as they love their job teaching high needs SPED. They are now using a walker at home to prevent falling and need to use a rollator/wheelchair for their upcoming trip to Italy, which is emotionally and mentally exhausting.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,2.0,2.5
323,"(49, 58)","(0.498, 0.519]","After two attempts at taking the law school admissions test, I had received a respectable score. I took several weeks to craft a personal statement to send to three law schools. I waited until the last possible day, of each law school's admission cycle, to submit my applications. <br><br>One law school rejected me; it was the highest ranking school. Over the next two weeks, the other two law schools both accepted me and offered me 60% scholarships to attend their programs. Unfortunately, both schools offered these scholarships with conditions. The conditions seemed completely attainable- do not fall below the bottom 20% of the class, for one, and to stay above a 2.33 GPA for the other. <br><br>Both of the schools that accepted me were relatively high-ranking schools. The dean of the higher ranking of the two schools requested a conference with me to discuss my options and any concerns I might have. Initially, that school had offered me a 40% scholarship but during this conversation the dean raised my scholarship offer from 40% to 60%, unsolicited. <br><br>I attempted at that time to further negotiate my scholarship details- the conditions only. The dean expressed he would bring my concerns up with the admissions committee and contact me back with a determination. The admissions committee sent out my revised scholarship offer soon after, however the conditions were still attached. <br><br>After long consideration, I withdrew my applications from both law schools. My goal was and continues to be to obtain 100% scholarship for law school. I will be retaking the LSAT and reapplying earlier in the upcoming cycle.","I'm feeling lost. Back in May I received the news that I was once again being dismissed from the nursing program at Randolph Community College. After putting in sweat, tears and many countless hours I was angry more than anything when I heard the words, ""unfortunately, we cannot let you continue into the program."" I've had time to process my emotions and cry about it, but even now I still feel angry. <br><br>But why? Because I gave it my all and the instructors led myself and other students to believe that they would help us pass. I'm not angry at myself, I'm angry at the director, I'm angry at the instructors and more importantly, I'm angry at the college. <br><br>I understand that I got dismissed the first time because I didn't study enough. But this time? This is on them. More importantly, I'm feeling frustrated. When I try to explain this to my dad, he always takes the college's side and says, ""well you knew what you were in for, didn't you?"" <br><br>Yeah, I knew what I was in for, but that doesn't justify falsely leading students to believe they are ""safe"" and that we will receive help. <br><br>I try and remind myself that this is now in the past and there's no going back. All I can do is learn from the experience and continue to move forward. Here is to better opportunities and a brighter future. I can't go anywhere but up from here. This is just a bump in the road.","
The author received a respectable score on the law school admissions test and crafted a personal statement to send to three law schools. One high-ranking law school rejected the author, but the other two accepted with 60% scholarships, albeit with conditions. After attempting to negotiate the conditions unsuccessfully, the author withdrew from both schools and plans to retake the LSAT and reapply for 100% scholarship.","The author was dismissed from the nursing program at Randolph Community College again, despite putting in a lot of effort. They are angry at the college, the director, and the instructors, who they believe falsely led the students to believe they would receive help. Despite feeling lost and frustrated, the author is determined to learn from the experience and move forward towards a better future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
324,"(5, 177)","(0.519, 0.553]","I'm still not over a rejection that happened about 8 months ago. I am getting better everyday, but it's slow progress. <br><br>Weeks pass without me thinking about her, but then there's gonna be one day where I think about nothing but her. But it gets better, those days are more spaced out. You don't get over someone in one day. It takes time.","I had a childhood that pretty badly messed up a lot of things. Then as an adult my first serious relationship was abusive, my second was chaotic and my third I ended out of a misplaced self preservation instinct during the worst time of my life. <br><br>Then just as I was circling the drain I met someone. They reignited my drive to do the things I love and make the best of myself. To put it simply they made me want to be alive again. Every day became exciting, not the same slog I'd been trying to push through for so long, but just complete wonder. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop but it just built and got better and better. A few moments with them stand out as the happiest of my life. <br><br>But eventually things fell apart in stages, ending with me seeing a side of them I never knew was there. Something that touched on some very difficult things in my past and made me feel like everything had been a lie. Some very cruel things were said using vulnerabilities I had opened up to them about over years that no one else knew. <br><br>Now as I've been trying to move on from that I've come up on another issue. I just can't seem to date anymore. It was before Covid that I met them so for a while I brushed this off as just being out of practice but I realised that wasn't the problem. I have no problem getting dates, my problem is I just can't summon the interest in anyone I meet in a dating context. People I meet randomly who I've had a flicker of interest in all end up being taken and I end up feeling relieved more than disappointed. <br><br>I can't even have casual encounters because I just keep thinking about that person and I can never go through with it even when I've got people over specifically for that. I feel trapped and so very lonely. Despite everything I still find it impossible to imagine being with anyone who isn't them. <br><br>Even though I really want a relationship, I want to love and be loved but I don't know how to do that anymore. I'm exhausted.","
The person is still struggling with a rejection that happened 8 months ago, but is making slow progress. Although there are days where they only think about the person who rejected them, these days become less frequent over time. They acknowledge that it takes time to fully move on from someone.","The author had a difficult childhood and went through several abusive or chaotic relationships as an adult. They finally found someone who made them feel alive, but the relationship fell apart when the person revealed a cruel side. Now, the author can't seem to date anyone else and can't imagine being with anyone else. They feel trapped and lonely, wanting a relationship but not knowing how to move on.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.5
325,"(50, 171)","(0.553, 0.755]","My husband and I tried to help his brother get off drugs by allowing him to stay at our home for several weeks. He shoots up regularly and has damaged himself so badly that at one point doctors thought his arm might need to be amputated. His girlfriend texted me begging us to help him. At first my husband was reluctant, but I was afraid that his brother would overdose and then he would feel guilty that he hadn't helped him, so I convinced him to do it. <br><br>It was a difficult time for me and my family because it's hard watching someone you care about go through such a painful experience. It disrupted our regular routine and made life more hectic. He didn't follow the house rules we set and didn't get along well with my husband while he was here. He refused to go to rehab, so even though it was hard we felt like we didn't have much choice. <br><br>He got really sick while he was with us and got upset because we wouldn't help him get more drugs. He has a tendency to feel sorry for himself, which really gets on my nerves, and so the tension was high. It made life difficult for my kids, which really upset me. <br><br>It was not a good time for our family and I wish now that we hadn't made the choice to invite him in because it didn't really help. He left our home and started taking drugs again and is still upset with both of us. He avoids us at family gatherings, writes unkind things about us on Facebook and acts as though it's our fault that he's still on drugs. Also, his girlfriend kicked him out and he's virtually homeless now, which he also tries to partially blame on us.","I went out to dinner today with my mum, my brother and his wife. My mum mentioned how grandma nearly died yesterday. Grandma lives in China and she has dementia. She was missing yesterday night and they found her wedged between a harbour and a ship. All wet, cold and injured. My mum was clearly upset but was staying strong. She said how grandma is growing old and that she doesnt remember things anymore. <br><br>At this moment, my brother was like she repeated it 4 times already. I was annoyed when he said that because of his lack of empathy. Afterwards, when my mum is finally done talking about grandma, my brother said to me and his wife in English. They should just euthanise grandma since she's so old and that she doesn't even remember who she is. I was really annoyed when he said that because of the timing. This event is still so raw. My mum is upset and I'm upset about it. <br><br>Anyways, afterwards, my mum then asked me what happened (she doesn't understand English). I told her oh my brother said to euthanise grandma. My mum got angry at my brother. My brother then started telling me off for telling my mother about. I then argued with my brother about how he's saying this stuff to get a reaction and to have your opinion rather than actually caring about mum. <br><br>My brother has always been like that. If we watch a documentary of kids starving, he'll say something like ""Well, I don't care about them because it's not me"". If we were watching something about how animals are getting killed for their skin, he'll say stuff like ""mass extinction happens all the time!"". Like he say these stuff to be witty. Anyways, he then started arguing with my mum about how he's right, saying stuff like you're stupid and stuff. My mum said grandma still wants to live. They're still arguing. <br><br>What I'm mad about is the fact that my brother clearly wants to be right rather than actually caring about his family like he claims he is.","
The narrator and her husband allowed his drug-addicted brother to stay with them to help him get off drugs. He did not follow the house rules and did not get along with the husband, but he also refused to go to rehab. He eventually left and resumed using drugs, blaming the narrator and her husband for his current situation.","
The narrator went out to dinner with their family and their mum mentioned that their grandma, who lives in China and has dementia, nearly died the day before after being found injured and wet. The narrator's brother showed a lack of empathy and suggested euthanizing their grandma. The narrator argued with their brother about his lack of care for their family and his desire to be right.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,2.5,2.5
326,"(51, 101)","(0.519, 0.553]","My 28th birthday was probably the best in my life. My cousin is 3 days younger than me and we celebrated our birthdays together. I remember that we went to our favorite park and invited lots of friends and lots of family. We had two grills cooking lots of burgers, hot dogs, different meats like steak, sausage and ribs. We all ate and laughed and played water guns, and water balloons. <br><br>I got a new nintendo switch that day and so did my cousin, with the same game. The new pokemon game that came out that year. It was truly special because I have been wanting it for years and I finally gotten it. We played for hours and even had to take a break. I will never forget those moments as me and my cousin played side by side for hours on a day between our birthdays. We truly felt like we shared those moments. <br><br>We caught pokemon that was different than each others and we battled them as we caught new ones. We just simply linked our gameboys and played agianst each other. People at the party were watching us and even rooting for me and my cousin as we had intense matches that day. All lower level pokemons. <br><br>Me and my cousins are some big time fans of pokemon. The people at the party thought we were ridiculous for playing games like this but this makes us happy!","I had some of my photography work published in a magazine for the first time. I was very excited. When I first found out that one of my photos was going to be published, I was so excited and overjoyed that I cried happy tears and could not thank God enough! This was a huge milestone for me as a professional photographer. <br><br>I called my husband and told him the great news! He was thrilled for me and gave me huge congratulations! I also called or texted other family members to tell them the good news as well. They were also very excited! <br><br>The photo that was published was a portrait of my son. This made the event even more special. When I got the magazine in the mail I was so happy! I showed the magazine to my son and showed him his portrait and he was very excited as well. The magazine was beautifully printed and I could not believe how gorgeous the portrait looked in it. <br><br>Everyone in the family was ecstatic! This was a very joyous memory for me in my photography career and definitely a great memory.","The author had an amazing 28th birthday celebrating with their cousin who is three days younger. They had a party with lots of friends and family at their favorite park, grilling burgers, hot dogs, and different meats. They received a new Nintendo Switch and played the new Pokémon game for hours, battling each other and catching different Pokémon, which made them happy despite being seen as ridiculous by some partygoers.","
A photographer had their work published in a magazine for the first time, which was a huge milestone for them. The published photo was a portrait of their son, making the event even more special. The photographer and their family were thrilled and overjoyed with the news.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,3.5,2.0
327,"(52, 115)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Last week, I was walking down the street and I saw a man that I usually see on my way to work. Today I noticed that he was crying and looking very down. Usually I just walk past him but today I felt like I needed to talk to him. I could feel that he was going through something terrible and needed some help. I slowed down, and I stood next to him and looked at him for a moment. <br><br>Finally, I mustered up the courage to ask him what was going on. He told me that he had found out that he was ill and would not have long to live. He said that he had always felt like he could manage his life the way it was. He said that after he found out this news he felt that his life was worthless. He told me that he had not wanted to eat for days and that it was hard for him to eat anyway. <br><br>Due to the fact that he had very little money and very little support it was hard for him to muster up the strength to fend for himself. I sat down next to him and spoke with him for a while about what he was going through and offered to buy him something to eat. He accepted, and told me that I was the only one who had stopped and talked to him in months. He told me that it was a very helpful and that he would try and pick himself up from here on out. <br><br>I felt so grateful that I had made such a big impact on him. It made me feel like I wanted to do more to help people around me. Not only was I able to uplift his spirits but my own as well. "," We've been friends for a while, not a super long time, but long enough for me to really value his opinion. I hadn't mentioned my autism because I get anxious about people reacting negatively to it, but he didn't! And I knew he wouldn't! <br><br>It came about by me telling him what a tough time I've been having recently with managing my symptoms and it sparked a great conversation of him trying to help with a problem and then telling me fun stories about his other autistic friends. <br><br>It was a great part of a bad day!","The narrator saw a man they usually pass on the street crying and looking down. They stopped to talk to him and found out he had been diagnosed with a terminal illness and was struggling to take care of himself. The narrator offered to buy him food and talked with him, making a big impact on the man's spirits and inspiring the narrator to do more to help others.","
The author has a friend that they value and trust. They recently told their friend about their autism, and their friend reacted positively. The conversation that followed was helpful and enjoyable, and it made a bad day better.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,3.0,2.0,3.5
328,"(52, 75)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Last week, I was walking down the street and I saw a man that I usually see on my way to work. Today I noticed that he was crying and looking very down. Usually I just walk past him but today I felt like I needed to talk to him. I could feel that he was going through something terrible and needed some help. I slowed down, and I stood next to him and looked at him for a moment. <br><br>Finally, I mustered up the courage to ask him what was going on. He told me that he had found out that he was ill and would not have long to live. He said that he had always felt like he could manage his life the way it was. He said that after he found out this news he felt that his life was worthless. He told me that he had not wanted to eat for days and that it was hard for him to eat anyway. <br><br>Due to the fact that he had very little money and very little support it was hard for him to muster up the strength to fend for himself. I sat down next to him and spoke with him for a while about what he was going through and offered to buy him something to eat. He accepted, and told me that I was the only one who had stopped and talked to him in months. He told me that it was a very helpful and that he would try and pick himself up from here on out. <br><br>I felt so grateful that I had made such a big impact on him. It made me feel like I wanted to do more to help people around me. Not only was I able to uplift his spirits but my own as well. ","My wife has been trying to convince me to start streaming on Twitch and I finally took the plunge a few months ago. Just this week out of nowhere I got a ton of new follows and went from being a small nobody stream to a not too small not quite a nobody stream with a couple hundred follows and an eighty viewer average. It was at this moment that I realized that maybe I actually could make streaming into something. Apparently people like to watch me once they discover me and find my brand of humor amusing. <br><br>My wife is currently my only moderator but this also means she's watching my streams when I'm playing and we've grown closer because of the sheer amount of stupid twitch chat/streaming involves. Last weekend I got a donation from someone that touched me. In it they talked about how they'd been going through a rough time of their lives because their parents had gotten in a car wreck while they were on vacation. They had both lived but their father had gotten paralyzed. <br><br>He'd been depressed since the accident since he'd always been an active man but now couldn't do that anymore. His father asked him what he was watching and he showed him the stream and they wound up watching me for the entire three hours I was streaming that night. His father's mood apparently improved and he even asked when the next time I'd be streaming is and asked his son if they could watch me together again. <br><br>I'd never thought that doing something as silly as playing video-games and just talking with random people in my chat could help. I'm glad to find out I was mistaken though and even if it's just a guy and his father I'm happy to say it at least helped two people. <br><br>My wife however is living the ""I told you so"" dream at this point and keeps rubbing in that I should have started sooner. Now if only my father was still around so I could join the ""I told you so"" bandwagon since he always said ""You can't make money playing video-games"".","The narrator saw a man they usually pass on the street crying and looking down. They stopped to talk to him and found out he had been diagnosed with a terminal illness and was struggling to take care of himself. The narrator offered to buy him food and talked with him, making a big impact on the man's spirits and inspiring the narrator to do more to help others.","After taking his wife's advice and starting to stream on Twitch, a man gained many new followers and realized he could turn streaming into a career. His wife now moderates his stream and they have grown closer because of it. One viewer's father, who had been depressed after becoming paralyzed in a car accident, watched the stream and his mood improved, making the streamer realize the impact he can have.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",4.0,3.0,4.0,4.0
329,"(52, 76)","(0.553, 0.755]"," Last week, I was walking down the street and I saw a man that I usually see on my way to work. Today I noticed that he was crying and looking very down. Usually I just walk past him but today I felt like I needed to talk to him. I could feel that he was going through something terrible and needed some help. I slowed down, and I stood next to him and looked at him for a moment. <br><br>Finally, I mustered up the courage to ask him what was going on. He told me that he had found out that he was ill and would not have long to live. He said that he had always felt like he could manage his life the way it was. He said that after he found out this news he felt that his life was worthless. He told me that he had not wanted to eat for days and that it was hard for him to eat anyway. <br><br>Due to the fact that he had very little money and very little support it was hard for him to muster up the strength to fend for himself. I sat down next to him and spoke with him for a while about what he was going through and offered to buy him something to eat. He accepted, and told me that I was the only one who had stopped and talked to him in months. He told me that it was a very helpful and that he would try and pick himself up from here on out. <br><br>I felt so grateful that I had made such a big impact on him. It made me feel like I wanted to do more to help people around me. Not only was I able to uplift his spirits but my own as well. ","This event happened about two months back. I work from home so my home computer is my life line. Without it I simply couldn't get paid. <br><br>Anyway two months ago my CPU suddenly just died. At first I had no idea what had went wrong, but apparently the cooling gel used to keep the CPU under extreme temps had mostly evaporated, so the CPU was overheating during my late night gaming sessions. <br><br>At the point in time I didn't have enough money to buy a better CPU, I had just finished paying off a bunch of debt that I collected over the years. I pretty much thought I was screwed and maybe had to go out and get a temp job until I had enough money to replace my broken CPU. <br><br>Anyway I had told my mom about it and I guess she told the family because a few days later my mom came over and handed me an envelope of money. At first I thought it was from her and I declined it, I didn't want to take my mother's hard earned money she got from working all those years. <br><br>But she informed me a few of my brothers and sisters got together and pooled in money, enough that I could replace my CPU with a brand new powerful one. I'm not much of an emotional guy, at least in front of others. I try to always keep my cool and play it straight, but I couldn't help as the tears started to fall from my eyes. I was so grateful and thankful that people who loved and cared for me came through and went the extra mile for this. <br><br>My family isn't rich, so I know them giving up their hard earned money to help me out was big. Not saying we're poor, but we're not rich enough where we can just give away money without a care in the world. <br><br>My mom gave me a big hug and in that moment I felt the deepest amount of gratitude I ever experienced in my entire life. From the bottom of my heart I was truly deeply thankful. <br><br>Later on I got together with my brothers and sisters that helped out, throwing them a party in their honor. It was the least I could do for such wonderful family members.","The narrator saw a man they usually pass on the street crying and looking down. They stopped to talk to him and found out he had been diagnosed with a terminal illness and was struggling to take care of himself. The narrator offered to buy him food and talked with him, making a big impact on the man's spirits and inspiring the narrator to do more to help others.","The author's CPU suddenly died due to overheating caused by evaporated cooling gel, leaving them unable to work from home. They didn't have enough money to replace it, but their family pooled together to give them enough for a new, powerful CPU. The author was overwhelmed with gratitude and threw a party to thank their family members who helped out.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
330,"(54, 96)","(0.553, 0.755]","A recent memorable event in my life was when I was surprised to be invited to Disney World by my mother in law. She said she would pay for everything and basically all I had to do was show up. She was meeting her daughter and granddaughter there and had enough money that I could come too. <br><br>I almost didn't go because Disney World is crowded and it can be hard to hang out with a four year but I had not seen that part of the family in awhile, my schedule was clear, and it had been 12 years since I had been to Disney World. So I decided to go. <br><br>My favorite days were when it was just my mother in law and I and we went to Harry Potter at Universal. The theme park was so well done and the rides were really fun and the butter beer was really good. The main big ride I ended up going by myself because my mother in law didn't want to go. It was kind of scary but it was really fun and so well done with 3D effects and lighting. It was too crowded to go wand shopping but that is okay because my husband got me a wand previously when he was in Orlando for a work trip.<br><br>We also had fun with my niece, she liked anything to do with Frozen. We had lots of good food, rode on some fun rides. I liked eating at the dinosaur theme restaurant. It was basically Rainforest Cafe but with dinosaurs. <br><br>The hotel we stayed in was Little Mermaid theme so that was really cute. But it was kind of noisy and the buses were far away for our hotel. <br><br>Overall it was a really fun trip and I am glad I went, but I would not be going back any time soon. It is so crowded there and dealing with that many people can be really hard.","I'm from Tampa, Florida, but this past Summer, I decided to call Nantucket Island home. It's an entire 2600 miles away and I've, quite literally, never moved out of the state of Florida even though I've traveled plenty. Even though I'm thirty three years old, it doesn't stop my parents from worrying and missing me every day. <br><br>It just so happens that this year my Mother was turning fifty back in June. I made the arrangements to fly home and throw her a surprise party with my sister-in-law. It was a whirlwind trip but it was definitely worth it! <br><br>My Mom isn't much for being the center of attention or professing her emotions beyond what is necessary. In fact, it is quite possible I've seen my Dad cry more than I have seen her cry. That is saying a lot! <br><br>At her birthday party, she was clearly very surprised when she arrived. There were easily a hundred people in attendance. The greatest moment of all, though, was when her eyes finally landed on me. She started CRYING and then she started laughing and then she cried some more. Her legs just about gave out from underneath her. <br><br>To make things even better, it was all caught on tape! I will never, for the rest of my life, forget that moment. It is one of my very favorite memories.","The author was invited to Disney World by their mother-in-law who paid for everything. Despite initial reservations, they decided to go and enjoyed their time at the Harry Potter theme park and with their niece. However, due to the crowds, the author does not plan on returning anytime soon.","A woman from Tampa, Florida decided to move to Nantucket Island for the summer, 2600 miles away from home. Despite being 33 years old, her parents still worry and miss her every day. She flew back to Florida to surprise her mother for her 50th birthday with a party, causing her mother to cry tears of joy and laughter when she saw her daughter.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.0,2.0
331,"(55, 206)","(0.498, 0.519]","I was on a trip to Italy and I had been thinking about past friends I had not seen recently. I was in Florence at the time and went to bed feeling a bit melancholic about these friends and past moments in my life. A few hours later I was woken up by a text from a close friend, it was the middle of the night for me but since it was someone texting from the U.S. the time was much earlier for them. The text asked if I had heard about a different friend. I immediately had a sinking feeling in my stomach. I replied that I hadn't, and immediately knew that bad news was coming. He explained that my friend had been found dead on the beach just a few short hours before. I was stunned. <br><br>My mind was racing. Was this a drowning? Was it an illness? The reality was that my friend had just become another statistic in the opiate epidemic. He had died of a heroin overdose while sitting on the beach. I was devastated. I could not go to sleep and laid restless for the remainder of the night. <br><br>I got up in the morning and began wandering around the city in a haze. I was on a trip of my life and I could not just sit around and mourn. However, I was tinged with sadness in everything I did. I was in one of the most beautiful cities on earth and everything was a reminder of life, death, friendship, and emotion. My eyes would well up with tears every so often as I attempted to go about my day and visit different sights. <br><br>It was an unbelievably beautiful day. There was a golden sunlight touching every surface, streaming through windows. I ended the day in the 1000 year old monastery of San Miniato al Monte, thinking about life and how it was so precious and fleeting. I was filled with emotion and remembrance, knowing that I would remember this moment forever, for good and bad reasons.","I just talked to my friend. He's someone I had a crush on for years way back from high school. We started talking again lately after about 3 years of not talking and it's been great. <br><br>He has always been one with a great mind and lots of insight on life - part of the reason why I loved him back then. <br><br>He said he has no problem observing people and understanding them, but he has difficulty looking back into himself, and I was a mirror that helped him do that. He appreciated it a lot. <br><br>And I was over the moon when he said that. He's probably the only one I can hold a conversation through text with for hours.","
While on a trip to Italy, the author receives a text from a friend in the middle of the night, informing him that a friend had died of a heroin overdose on the beach. Devastated, the author spends the next day wandering around Florence, struggling to come to terms with the news. Despite being in one of the most beautiful cities in the world, the author is reminded of the fragility of life and the importance of cherishing every moment.","
The author reconnected with a former crush from high school after not talking for three years. The crush has a great mind and insight on life, but struggles with self-reflection. The author feels overjoyed that they can hold a conversation with them for hours.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
332,"(56, 234)","(0.553, 0.755]","My nephew was hurt on the job, a place he goes daily with no care in the world. A place we never expected this to happen. And the seriousness of the injury was intense. Broken jaw, knocked unconcious - very much out of it and not well, he needed wires in his jaw and a very big amount of surgery. All this from being too hungry and passing out and being sick. <br><br>I felt something was a tad off that night, almost a gut feeling if you will, but I didn't think anything of it, until the text messages started pouring in the next morning. I was very upset and nervous, and it brought back many bad memories and feelings of my own personal experience in 2008 - a dangerous car accident. <br><br>In my accident I too suffered fractures to my face and bones. It brought back many memories from a bad time. Based on what the paramedics stated, it was a scene of horrors. Blood was everywhere, and his lip had split with his teeth actually protruding through his lower jaw. Having to be instantly sedated due to shock, he became quite sick. <br><br>We all got together and prayed. It was all we could so in this situation. Thankfully, he is now on the mend. I'm his Uncle, this had a pretty profound affect on me. I was sullen and down, thinking about many things past and present. But we look forward to a bright future.","I grew up in Nanjing, China. When I was a baby I lost my right leg in a fire. Shortly after that I was abandoned on the street. I was found at a year and a half old and taken to the local government orphanage. Fortunately for me, I was adopted when I was seven years old and came here to the states. <br><br>When I was 14 years old, I received a running prosthetic. The day that I ran, I remember it being one of the most traumatizing days of my whole life. That was the first time that I was gonna have to be out. I was gonna have to show people that this is who I am, that I couldn't hide, that I was an amputee. <br><br>I got out there and I started running and I realized I love to do this. This is so liberating. This is so freeing, because I am out and this is who I am. <br><br>I don't think you ever get one moment, have one experience and you totally accept everything about who you are. That's a life long journey. But the start of that is finding something that allows you to be you.","
The narrator's nephew was seriously injured on the job due to being too hungry and passing out. The injury was intense and required a lot of surgery. The incident brought back memories of the narrator's own personal experience with a dangerous car accident, but thankfully, the nephew is now on the mend and the family is looking forward to a bright future.","
A woman from Nanjing, China lost her right leg in a fire when she was a baby and was abandoned on the street. She was found and taken to an orphanage where she was later adopted at the age of seven and moved to the United States. At fourteen, she received a running prosthetic which allowed her to run and feel liberated, accepting who she is, which she believes is a life long journey.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.0,3.5
333,"(56, 68)","(0.553, 0.755]","My nephew was hurt on the job, a place he goes daily with no care in the world. A place we never expected this to happen. And the seriousness of the injury was intense. Broken jaw, knocked unconcious - very much out of it and not well, he needed wires in his jaw and a very big amount of surgery. All this from being too hungry and passing out and being sick. <br><br>I felt something was a tad off that night, almost a gut feeling if you will, but I didn't think anything of it, until the text messages started pouring in the next morning. I was very upset and nervous, and it brought back many bad memories and feelings of my own personal experience in 2008 - a dangerous car accident. <br><br>In my accident I too suffered fractures to my face and bones. It brought back many memories from a bad time. Based on what the paramedics stated, it was a scene of horrors. Blood was everywhere, and his lip had split with his teeth actually protruding through his lower jaw. Having to be instantly sedated due to shock, he became quite sick. <br><br>We all got together and prayed. It was all we could so in this situation. Thankfully, he is now on the mend. I'm his Uncle, this had a pretty profound affect on me. I was sullen and down, thinking about many things past and present. But we look forward to a bright future.","This happened about 3 months ago. I was driving with my brother back from the movie theater when we were sideswiped by another car. It spun us around into the median and was completely terrifying. It really came out of nowhere and gave me no time to react or take any preventative measures. We both looked at each other shocked when we came to a stop. We checked on each other to make sure we were both okay, which we were. <br><br>We got out of my car to assess the damage and make sure the other driver was okay. The other driver got out of their car and was obviously under the influence. You could see the wobble in them from 20 feet away. My car, which was pretty new, was smashed in the rear driver side, but not as bad as I would have thought. <br><br>The other driver looked to be in his mid 20s and started to freak out a bit when he realized that we were calling the police. The police got there really quickly and gave the guy a field sobriety test which he failed miserably. I exchanged information with one of the officers while we waited for a tow truck to come. The other driver was arrested and my car was towed away. <br><br>It is the only major accident I've ever been in besides one or two small fender benders in parking lots. Surprisingly, my car was mostly okay. It's a 2012 Subaru Legacy that I spent a lot of time saving up for. I'm not entirely sure what happened to the other driver, but his insurance settled out with us. <br><br>Ironically, my car was salvaged out about a month later due to hail damage (somehow that was more costly than this accident).","
The narrator's nephew was seriously injured on the job due to being too hungry and passing out. The injury was intense and required a lot of surgery. The incident brought back memories of the narrator's own personal experience with a dangerous car accident, but thankfully, the nephew is now on the mend and the family is looking forward to a bright future.","
The author and his brother were in a car accident when they were sideswiped by a drunk driver. The other driver failed a field sobriety test and was arrested. The author's car was damaged but surprisingly mostly okay, although it was later salvaged due to hail damage.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.0
334,"(58, 166)","(0.519, 0.553]","I'm feeling lost. Back in May I received the news that I was once again being dismissed from the nursing program at Randolph Community College. After putting in sweat, tears and many countless hours I was angry more than anything when I heard the words, ""unfortunately, we cannot let you continue into the program."" I've had time to process my emotions and cry about it, but even now I still feel angry. <br><br>But why? Because I gave it my all and the instructors led myself and other students to believe that they would help us pass. I'm not angry at myself, I'm angry at the director, I'm angry at the instructors and more importantly, I'm angry at the college. <br><br>I understand that I got dismissed the first time because I didn't study enough. But this time? This is on them. More importantly, I'm feeling frustrated. When I try to explain this to my dad, he always takes the college's side and says, ""well you knew what you were in for, didn't you?"" <br><br>Yeah, I knew what I was in for, but that doesn't justify falsely leading students to believe they are ""safe"" and that we will receive help. <br><br>I try and remind myself that this is now in the past and there's no going back. All I can do is learn from the experience and continue to move forward. Here is to better opportunities and a brighter future. I can't go anywhere but up from here. This is just a bump in the road.","My mom died 10 years ago. October 1st, 2012. And I didn't even remember the anniversary. <br><br>I was really young when she died of breast cancer. My step mom has been in my life for longer than my bio mom was. I call my step mom mom. When people ask about my parents, she's mom. I only ever mention bio mom when I need to. <br><br>It doesn't feel like she was even real. I was so young. I've basically forgotten her. People tell me all these things about her, and it feels like I'm hearing about a stranger. I just smile and nod because what else can i do? <br><br>People always tell me they're sorry for my loss, but I feel like they shouldn't be. It doesnt feel like my loss. It almost feels like I'm in a video game and her death took place before the events of the game. <br><br>I know it happened, but I barely remember anything. Does that make me a bad child? She gave so much for me, wanted to be with me until the very end, and I can barely remember any of it. <br><br>I feel like a terrible person for forgetting the anniversary, for forgetting her.","The author was dismissed from the nursing program at Randolph Community College again, despite putting in a lot of effort. They are angry at the college, the director, and the instructors, who they believe falsely led the students to believe they would receive help. Despite feeling lost and frustrated, the author is determined to learn from the experience and move forward towards a better future.","
The author's mother died of breast cancer 10 years ago on October 1st, but they didn't remember the anniversary. They were very young when their mother died, and their stepmom has been in their life longer. They feel like they've forgotten their mother and it doesn't feel like their loss, but they also feel guilty for forgetting her.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.5,2.5
335,"(58, 71)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm feeling lost. Back in May I received the news that I was once again being dismissed from the nursing program at Randolph Community College. After putting in sweat, tears and many countless hours I was angry more than anything when I heard the words, ""unfortunately, we cannot let you continue into the program."" I've had time to process my emotions and cry about it, but even now I still feel angry. <br><br>But why? Because I gave it my all and the instructors led myself and other students to believe that they would help us pass. I'm not angry at myself, I'm angry at the director, I'm angry at the instructors and more importantly, I'm angry at the college. <br><br>I understand that I got dismissed the first time because I didn't study enough. But this time? This is on them. More importantly, I'm feeling frustrated. When I try to explain this to my dad, he always takes the college's side and says, ""well you knew what you were in for, didn't you?"" <br><br>Yeah, I knew what I was in for, but that doesn't justify falsely leading students to believe they are ""safe"" and that we will receive help. <br><br>I try and remind myself that this is now in the past and there's no going back. All I can do is learn from the experience and continue to move forward. Here is to better opportunities and a brighter future. I can't go anywhere but up from here. This is just a bump in the road.","There are some memorable days in my life and they remain ever green in my heart. My first day of school is such a day. It was the month of January 2003. I was then only six years old. My father proposed that i should be admitted into a school in class on the next day. I felt very excited i could not think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, as i watched on TV. I could not even sleep well that night. <br><br>The next morning my mother woke me early in the morning, she washed me very well, combed my hair and dressed me in new clothes. Then i had breakfast and started for school with my father. He took me to the nearest CFB primary school at 9:30 am. The school was not very far from our home, so we walked all the way, it took us about 30 minutes to get to the school. <br><br>When i stepped into the school compound with my father i was somewhat afraid. I saw many student s on the school campus, some were playing, some where talking to each other. Finding myself in a new environment my heart started to beat, at first my father took me to the headmaster's room and requested him to admit me in first grade, i was nervous but his smiling face and and gentle eyes put me to ease. He asked me my name and i answered him. then he pointed me to a letter chart and asked me to say some letters. I could say them all because my mother taught me how to say it at home. Then he became very pleased at me and admitted me to first grade, then he called Ms Fatema the first grade teacher to take me to class. <br><br>When i entered the class all the students in the class where staring at me, i felt a bit nervous once again to see the new faces, i sat down and at my leisure period, all my classmate started playing in the field, i felt very lonely and was loitering here and there, then they invited me to join them, i started playing, i felt myself like a free bird flying in the open sky. <br><br>My school ends at 12pm, my mother was at the gate to receive me. I leapt into her arms she kissed me and caught me in her arms. That was how i spent my first day of school. I left the school with a new experience and a cheerful mind. I shall never forget that day as long as i live.","The author was dismissed from the nursing program at Randolph Community College again, despite putting in a lot of effort. They are angry at the college, the director, and the instructors, who they believe falsely led the students to believe they would receive help. Despite feeling lost and frustrated, the author is determined to learn from the experience and move forward towards a better future.","The narrator recalls their first day of school in January 2003 when they were six years old. They were excited but nervous as they walked to the school with their father. After being admitted to first grade, they felt lonely at first but then joined their classmates in playing and felt like a free bird. The day ended happily when their mother picked them up and they felt grateful for the new experience.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.5,1.0
336,"(59, 215)","(0.553, 0.755]","My car was towed. It was a nasty thing that my landlady did to me. I was quite upset and it was costly. It was the first time I ever had a car towed. Going to the impound yard was certainly a different kind of experience. <br><br>I had to sue to get my money from the towing reimbursed. That was quite an experience and cost me more money. Fortunately, that was also received back by me. I could have easily lived without the whole experience. <br><br>I am lucky that I was in a position of having sufficient resources, mental and monetary, to take care of the matter. Other people were not so fortunate. We are hoping to get the landlady dismissed. <br><br>Actually, it would be more accurate to call her a 'property manager' although she has no license, experience, or talent in managing or property. <br><br>Anyway, it was a negative couple of weeks during this time and I was quite unhappy. All's well that ends well. That's what is commonly quoted in any event.","This morning I went for a run. In the beginning I had to pass several streets. When I approached one of them, a bus driver did not see me and drove past right in front of me. <br><br>This was in my view completely fine, as I usually just find my way across the street without anybody having to stop. But this bus driver stopped the bus right after he passed me, pulled down the window and apologized for not letting me run by first. <br><br>It was a very short encounter, but his considerateness and kindness made my day.","The author's car was towed by their landlady, causing them distress and financial burden. They had to sue to get their money reimbursed, but were fortunate to have the resources to do so. The author hopes to have their landlady dismissed and the experience was overall negative.","
The author went for a run and a bus driver almost hit them while crossing the street. However, the bus driver stopped and apologized for not letting the author run first. The author was touched by the bus driver's kindness and it made their day.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
337,"(59, 311)","(0.498, 0.519]","My car was towed. It was a nasty thing that my landlady did to me. I was quite upset and it was costly. It was the first time I ever had a car towed. Going to the impound yard was certainly a different kind of experience. <br><br>I had to sue to get my money from the towing reimbursed. That was quite an experience and cost me more money. Fortunately, that was also received back by me. I could have easily lived without the whole experience. <br><br>I am lucky that I was in a position of having sufficient resources, mental and monetary, to take care of the matter. Other people were not so fortunate. We are hoping to get the landlady dismissed. <br><br>Actually, it would be more accurate to call her a 'property manager' although she has no license, experience, or talent in managing or property. <br><br>Anyway, it was a negative couple of weeks during this time and I was quite unhappy. All's well that ends well. That's what is commonly quoted in any event.","When I was a kid, my father used to take me to watch trials actually, and there was something just about the whole kind of excitement and snapping victory from the jaws of defeat, the great cross examination that brings us witness to tears. <br><br>I really think that law is an instrument for social change, and growing up, it was always part of my vision of my life that social change would be part of it. <br><br>When I wake up in the morning, one thing I know for sure is I'll be there. And if I try to find things in my life that make waking up exciting, rewarding, satisfying, then I'm gonna pursue those things in my life.","The author's car was towed by their landlady, causing them distress and financial burden. They had to sue to get their money reimbursed, but were fortunate to have the resources to do so. The author hopes to have their landlady dismissed and the experience was overall negative.","
The author's father took them to trials as a child and they found the excitement and cross-examination to be captivating. Law was always a part of their vision for enacting social change in their life. They strive to find fulfilling activities to pursue each day.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,1.5,1.5
338,"(6, 238)","(0.553, 0.755]","During my orientation week, I heard a peer say they didn't know what DEI (Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion) was and they didn't need to care about it. Fast forward five years, I spent a lot of my time on DEI initiatives, mainly because I was unhappy with the situations I and others were facing. <br><br>And that confession that said they were skeptical of students being more interested in activism than research, just shows how easy it is for some students to look the other way. <br><br>I spent years on DEI initiatives that are flaky at best because my department only half commits, and not even gonna mention admin shenanigans. I felt this was so important that my research progress struggled, that I had to drop projects and switch directions. <br><br>I spent so much unrecognized time on DEI, and unfortunately it robbed time away from what I actually came here to do, but the working conditions here really merited the honest time I put into it. <br><br>Some of us have no choice but to care because it impacts us, some of us have no choice but to be activists because otherwise we can't make it through the institute to do what we came here for. Some of us have no option but to care about our activism. <br><br>My hope is the next generations don't have to go through this struggle.","From my time in high school, I knew intimately what it felt like to be left out and not have a voice. And I said, you know what? My life now on is to make people feel included, to make people feel like they had a voice. <br><br>I am currently the global inclusion program manager for our diverse engagement team, and I am hired to make sure people have a sense of belonging. It's so fun because in this space and this work it's all about behavior change, and that takes some time. <br><br>But when you see people's behavior changed because of something they didn't know, that they now know, that transformed their life. That's the only thing I need at night, that makes me super happy. <br><br>So be open to opportunities, and know that your mind may change. What won't change is inherently what's inside you. Or what you feel like you were destined here to do.","
The author initially heard a peer say they didn't know about DEI and didn't need to care about it during orientation week. After experiencing negative situations, the author spent a lot of time on DEI initiatives, even though it impacted their research progress. The author hopes that future generations won't have to struggle with the same issues.","
The author's high school experiences of feeling left out inspired them to make people feel included and heard. They are now the global inclusion program manager for a diverse engagement team, working to create a sense of belonging for everyone. Seeing people's behavior change and transform their lives brings them happiness and fulfillment in their work.",4,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,2.5
339,"(61, 101)","(0.553, 0.755]","I always had a fun childhood. My parents saw to it that I had a lot of great times to look back on and cherish. In the spirit of that, I wanted to pass on experiences like this to my daughter. <br><br>This weekend, I decided to take a step forward to do that and bought a projector for my daughter. This projector will enable us to watch movies using a large screen or an empty wall. So, this weekend, I decided to set up a backyard movie night. <br><br>I took the deck furniture and arranged it on the lawn to look like a living room. Then, I spread a moving blanket down to give us a clean area to walk. I set up a card table with the projector and DVD player along with the appropriate cords. I then put the screen together and anchored it to the ground using stakes. The screen was up against the side of the house to protect it from the wind. <br><br>I tested the projector on the screen and it looked amazing. The sound quality was even good as well. <br><br>Once I had everything set up, we popped some popcorn and got snacks. Finally, we told our daughter and she was super excited. She ran out to the yard and her face lit up as we all gathered around and watched Secret Life of Pets 2. It was an amazing night and I'm so glad I did it.","I had some of my photography work published in a magazine for the first time. I was very excited. When I first found out that one of my photos was going to be published, I was so excited and overjoyed that I cried happy tears and could not thank God enough! This was a huge milestone for me as a professional photographer. <br><br>I called my husband and told him the great news! He was thrilled for me and gave me huge congratulations! I also called or texted other family members to tell them the good news as well. They were also very excited! <br><br>The photo that was published was a portrait of my son. This made the event even more special. When I got the magazine in the mail I was so happy! I showed the magazine to my son and showed him his portrait and he was very excited as well. The magazine was beautifully printed and I could not believe how gorgeous the portrait looked in it. <br><br>Everyone in the family was ecstatic! This was a very joyous memory for me in my photography career and definitely a great memory.",The author wanted to create fun memories for their daughter and decided to set up a backyard movie night using a new projector. They arranged the furniture and set up the screen with the projector and DVD player. The night was a success and their daughter was thrilled to watch a movie under the stars with the family.,"
A photographer had their work published in a magazine for the first time, which was a huge milestone for them. The published photo was a portrait of their son, making the event even more special. The photographer and their family were thrilled and overjoyed with the news.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,1.5
340,"(62, 196)","(0.553, 0.755]","About two months ago, I began working at my practicum placement for my graduate school practicum requirement. During this time, I have gotten to know my practicum supervisor and have had the opportunity to learn a lot about the students who attend the school. In particular, I have gotten to know the Kindergarteners and first graders very well. <br><br>There is one particular kindergartener, a blonde-haired little boy with none of his front teeth and a long braid down his back, that I have come to enjoy seeing around school. About two weeks ago, he came up to me and was crying. He grabbed me in an embrace and told me how much he wanted ""Picture Day"" to last all day. His mother had dressed him up and styled his braid with extra care that morning. He clearly was very excited about how nice he looked but was having a hard morning. <br><br>He looked very precious and it put a smile on my face. He shared with me that he was feeling sad and really needed a friend that morning. We got him his breakfast and made our way into my office. After opening up his chocolate milk and juice cartons, he started to cry and leaned his head against the wall. He doubted that he could make it through the whole day without getting his picture taken at least twice. <br><br>I felt sad to see him so upset. He jumped up from his chair and hugged me around my waist, still crying. I talked to him about how hard school can be and how brave he was. He told me that he felt better. <br><br>The other day, he picked up his school pictures and I found a portrait signed by him sitting on my desk. It made me feel very happy and loved by this little boy I had come to know so well.","This week started off as incredibly difficult, and I suffered one of the most severe panic attacks I've experienced in several months. However I was shown some exceptional kindness earlier this week, and that motivated me to do something positive. <br><br>So, I've been needing a place to store my laptop and keyboard that also doubles as something I can work at. I turned a 6 feet piece of wood in to a shelf/desk combo complete with notches for cable management. <br><br>It's not great, but I'm happy to have done something productive and positive. Hopefully working on music will go more smoothly if I feel like I'm actually at a work station and not just lying sprawled on my bed.","
A graduate school student has gotten to know the Kindergarteners and first graders at her practicum placement. She became a friend to a young boy who was feeling sad on picture day and helped him feel better. The boy later gave her a signed portrait as a token of appreciation.","
The author had a tough week and experienced a severe panic attack, but received exceptional kindness which motivated them to do something positive. They turned a 6 feet piece of wood into a shelf/desk combo with notches for cable management to store their laptop and keyboard. Although it's not perfect, the author is happy to have done something productive and hopes it will improve their music-making process.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
341,"(62, 77)","(0.553, 0.755]","About two months ago, I began working at my practicum placement for my graduate school practicum requirement. During this time, I have gotten to know my practicum supervisor and have had the opportunity to learn a lot about the students who attend the school. In particular, I have gotten to know the Kindergarteners and first graders very well. <br><br>There is one particular kindergartener, a blonde-haired little boy with none of his front teeth and a long braid down his back, that I have come to enjoy seeing around school. About two weeks ago, he came up to me and was crying. He grabbed me in an embrace and told me how much he wanted ""Picture Day"" to last all day. His mother had dressed him up and styled his braid with extra care that morning. He clearly was very excited about how nice he looked but was having a hard morning. <br><br>He looked very precious and it put a smile on my face. He shared with me that he was feeling sad and really needed a friend that morning. We got him his breakfast and made our way into my office. After opening up his chocolate milk and juice cartons, he started to cry and leaned his head against the wall. He doubted that he could make it through the whole day without getting his picture taken at least twice. <br><br>I felt sad to see him so upset. He jumped up from his chair and hugged me around my waist, still crying. I talked to him about how hard school can be and how brave he was. He told me that he felt better. <br><br>The other day, he picked up his school pictures and I found a portrait signed by him sitting on my desk. It made me feel very happy and loved by this little boy I had come to know so well.","I recently went on a swimming trip with a group of friends. It was after a Sunday religious service we are all a part of on a hot summer day. We all arranged together how we would get there and where we were going. We drove in three separate cars. We arrived at an area of a river where there was a canal that had deep and slow moving water. <br><br>It was a short walk to the area, and we had to climb down a rocky ledge to reach it. I decided to go in fast while the others were tentative because of the cold water. When getting in, I scraped my arm on the rock I was holding while lowering myself. It made me feel rather clumsy and then I started worrying about if it might get infected. I didn't make a big deal of it because I didn't want to ruin anyone else's time. <br><br>We all swam for a little while, then gathered in a shallow area and just sat and talked for a while. At one point I decided to get up and explore some of the rocky area around the swimming hole. Being with the group was reminding me of times as a kid when I went swimming in these kinds of places with friends. It was making me sad that I don't do it that often anymore. So I felt that going off on my own and gathering my emotions would be best. <br><br>I walked around on the rocks and looked at the trees of the forest behind it. Then I found a spot in the shade and laid down for the remainder of our time there. A friend yelled up to me that we were leaving so then we all climbed back up the ledge and got in the cars and left.","
A graduate school student has gotten to know the Kindergarteners and first graders at her practicum placement. She became a friend to a young boy who was feeling sad on picture day and helped him feel better. The boy later gave her a signed portrait as a token of appreciation.","
The author went on a swimming trip with friends after a religious service on a hot summer day. They arrived at a river and swam for a little while, but the author scraped their arm on a rock. Feeling sad about not swimming with friends more often, they went off alone to gather their emotions, then rejoined the group before leaving.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,2.0,1.0
342,"(62, 79)","(0.553, 0.755]","About two months ago, I began working at my practicum placement for my graduate school practicum requirement. During this time, I have gotten to know my practicum supervisor and have had the opportunity to learn a lot about the students who attend the school. In particular, I have gotten to know the Kindergarteners and first graders very well. <br><br>There is one particular kindergartener, a blonde-haired little boy with none of his front teeth and a long braid down his back, that I have come to enjoy seeing around school. About two weeks ago, he came up to me and was crying. He grabbed me in an embrace and told me how much he wanted ""Picture Day"" to last all day. His mother had dressed him up and styled his braid with extra care that morning. He clearly was very excited about how nice he looked but was having a hard morning. <br><br>He looked very precious and it put a smile on my face. He shared with me that he was feeling sad and really needed a friend that morning. We got him his breakfast and made our way into my office. After opening up his chocolate milk and juice cartons, he started to cry and leaned his head against the wall. He doubted that he could make it through the whole day without getting his picture taken at least twice. <br><br>I felt sad to see him so upset. He jumped up from his chair and hugged me around my waist, still crying. I talked to him about how hard school can be and how brave he was. He told me that he felt better. <br><br>The other day, he picked up his school pictures and I found a portrait signed by him sitting on my desk. It made me feel very happy and loved by this little boy I had come to know so well.","Well, I am a grandmother. I have a 30 year old son. He got married at 17, and I have an 11 year old granddaughter and a 2 year old grandson. My son's dad was Jewish, from Poland, but born in New York in 1966. He died of a brain tumor. <br><br>My son, looks fine, but the kids were born with a brain cyst. Both had had a brain surgery to help them, but the cysts are still there. These cysts are affecting their lives, they have to go see the Doctor and check them. Just a week ago, my little grandson had a surgery again. I went to visit him in the Hospital, and he looked so delicate, so blue, and very, very pale. <br><br>I am so worried about them, but other than that, when the cysts are not acting, they are healthy, normal, and very intelligent. I would say that they are geniuses. And happy. I just love them. <br><br>They don't live with me, but they come visit. I love to play with my grandson, he is the one that plays with me. Last night, we were playing, and I showed him a chess box. We placed all the pieces in the board and we had fun with them. <br><br>I am so happy he is doing well. He has to wear a helmet because his skull is so thin that one fall could be fatal. But in the last check up, the Dr. said his skull is getting better. Perhaps one day he will be able to be without the helmet. <br><br>Right now, just seeing them alive is a miracle.","
A graduate school student has gotten to know the Kindergarteners and first graders at her practicum placement. She became a friend to a young boy who was feeling sad on picture day and helped him feel better. The boy later gave her a signed portrait as a token of appreciation.","
The grandmother has a 30-year-old son who got married at 17 and has an 11-year-old granddaughter and a 2-year-old grandson. Both children were born with a brain cyst, and despite having surgeries, the cysts are still there and affecting their lives. The grandson has to wear a helmet because of his thin skull, but the grandmother is happy that they are healthy, normal, intelligent, and alive.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.5
343,"(63, 134)","(0.553, 0.755]","I was driving in a wealthy Southern California town when my back right tire blew out. I had just attended a lecture at the time, and I found the content extremely emotionally draining, so I wasn't in an excellent mood to begin with. The location where my tire blew out was congested with heavy rush hour traffic; my car broke down next to a sidewalk that was labeled ""no stopping any time."" Many cars honked at me despite my obvious predicament. <br><br>A woman in a giant black Mercedes halted everyone behind her to shout at me from her window; she had a thick Kardashian accent and a Starbucks cup in her hand as she called, ""The sign says NO STOPPING ANY TIME."" I rushed to replace the tire, but I am a very small, not particularly strong person, so it was a slow going process. <br><br>An older man in ragged clothes who smelled heavily of dirt and sweat approached me. My stomach dropped with dread. While I am generally not a cruel person and welcome interactions with people in unfortunate situations, being stuck as I was in ninety degree heat with drivers around me shouting angrily and honking, I wasn't in the most convenient position to help anyone. I didn't have any cash with me to give him, and I didn't know if I could handle a heart-wrenching conversation about how horrendous life can be or learning about the man's visions from God, if he had them. It wasn't kind of me, and in retrospect I am not proud of my feelings when he first approached. <br><br>My anxieties were unfounded, and unfair. The man said nothing to me. He bent down beside my ruined tire, and began removing it from the car. I have never been so moved by anything in my life. A person who I had unfairly feared, a man who was so much less fortunate than every luxury-vehicle driving heckler that drove by, was the only person who stopped to help me change my tire. There were tears in my eyes when I thanked him. <br><br>We talked for a little while; he'd been a teacher once. He didn't go into specifics about his current situation. I offered to take him to dinner, but he refused. He told me to drive safely, and then he walked away. I'm convinced this man was some kind of guardian angel. I'm so grateful to him.","I was at the checkout this morning, waiting behind a mom and her 4/5 year old daughter. She had a cart full of Halloween decorations. Cutesy things like plush pumpkins and wreaths and scarecrows. The mom was at the end of the counter sorting out her reusable shopping bags. <br><br>The child was unloading the cart. She was just jumping with excitement. The level in the cart got so low that the kid couldn't reach over the edge. So she did what any kid would do. She climbed the side. The cart started to tip, so I reached out to steady it. <br><br>I guess Mom caught my movement out of the corner of her eye, because she whipped around, grabbed the kid, and started scolding her. Which, understandable. I startled her and her kid scared her. She stands the kid on the ground and starts emptying the cart. <br><br>And this is where it starts to go off the rails.....The kid is watching with such a look of longing on her face. It was pitiful. The mom completely ignores her. Like she's not even there. Now, me. I would've done one of two or three things. I would've braced that cart with my feet and invited her to climb on up and have at it. Or picked the kid up and put her in the cart so she could hand things out. Or, at the very least, handed the things from the cart to the kid to put on the counter. <br><br>So, when the mom turns towards the cashier, the kid starts climbing the cart again. Mom catches her again and scolds more harshly. Now the kid is standing there, staring at the floor, trying not to cry. Mom is doing the ignoring thing again. I'm trying not to notice. <br><br>Then, the thing that absolutely burned my bacon...Last thing mom picked up out of the cart is this gorgeous child's Halloween mask. It's got fake painted lashes and adorable makeup and is trimmed around the edges with fluffy little feathers. Mom holds it in her hand, looks at the kid and says, ""You didn't really want this anyway, did you?"" In this bored, mean girl kind of voice. <br><br>And the kid just looks at the mask. Follows with her eyes as mom puts it back on the shelf. I've never wanted to slap someone so much in my life. Poor kid.","The protagonist's tire blew out in traffic in a wealthy Southern California town, causing many cars to honk at them, including a woman in a black Mercedes who yelled at them. While trying to change the tire, a homeless man approached and helped them without saying a word, leaving the protagonist feeling grateful and moved. The man had been a teacher but didn't go into specifics about his current situation, and refused an offer for dinner, simply telling the protagonist to drive safely before walking away.","A mother and her young daughter were at the checkout with a cart full of Halloween decorations. The daughter was excitedly unloading the cart and climbed the side of it, causing it to tip. The mother scolded the child and then ignored her as she longingly watched the items being emptied from the cart. The mother then cruelly told the child that she didn't really want a beautiful Halloween mask, causing the child to look crestfallen.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
344,"(64, 106)","(0.553, 0.755]","One night in June, I went to the gym to burn off some excess energy and clear my head so I'd fall asleep more easily. I came home from the movies to find my mother sitting on the sofa with a glass of wine on the coffee table, watching TV. She asked me how the gym was, as if that's something that she'd understand since she's the laziest person I know when it comes to exercise, and she sounded a little drunk. I could also smell wine from 10 feet away in the kitchen, and noticed an empty bottle on the counter. She'd drank the entire thing during the time before I left and while I was gone. <br><br>She tried to ask me about my day when I realized she was totally drunk. Despite feeling great about having just worked out, my mood immediately shifted from being slightly annoyed about her having happy hour while I was away to livid about her being wasted for no apparent reason. I told her not to talk to me and she asked why; I briefly considered walking away from the situation. <br><br>The anger welled up in me and I knew I had to give her a piece of my mind about what had become a disturbing habit of alcohol abuse. I raised my voice and told her it didn't matter how my day was, because she ruined it by getting excessively intoxicated when she knew it was something that greatly upset. She looked at me with an expression of confusion and sloppily said she was sorry. I yelled at her that she wasn't sorry because she kept behaving that way even though she knew how much it upset me, and it was better not to lie. <br><br>I told her she was a selfish person and she had a problem, and if she was going to be a liar, she should learn to do a better job of it or just not talk to me at all. I grabbed my laptop and stormed out of the room, exiting to my bedroom. <br><br>I went into my adjoining bathroom, slamming the door open so hard that it knocked the towel rack through the drywall. I looked at my angry face in the mirror and wondered why I allowed such a pathetic person to upset me so greatly. She wasn't worth it.","This event occurred over 3 months ago. I will forever remember it as something sticking and in all honesty, the day I became an adult. Not that I wasn't one already. On that day, I remember I did everything as I would each day prior to work. I ate breakfast, drank my regular cup of coffee with cinnamon sprinkled on top, etc. <br><br>However, on my way home, I began thinking about an argument I had with my mom a few days prior. I was thinking about how it made me feel and the events that led up to the event. As I parked, I saw that no one was home except my mom. I went ahead and entered my house, and went to grab a snack. As I closed the refrigerator, I saw my mom standing in the hallway. I approached her to speak about the events from the other day. We went back and forth in a very emotional conversation. This was probably one of the most intense conversation I have ever had with my mom. She told me so many things that it made me think twice about how I was behaving towards her. <br><br>It was the day that I found out my mom did not know how to swim. I HAD NO IDEA. I was honestly so shocked and surprised that I had seen my mom in pools before, but never knew she couldn't swim. How can I not know something so important about my mom?Which made me realize that I only have one mother. I should be paying more attention to her. I should be bonding with her more. Because one day, she will not be there. <br><br>After the compelling conversation, we then proceeded to plan a mother/daughter day. We planned to eat tacos that weekend and watch a movie together, which we did. It was honestly of the best weekends ever. Very moving moment for me.",The author goes to the gym to clear their head but comes home to find their mother drunk. They confront their mother about her alcohol abuse and tell her she is selfish and has a problem. The author storms out of the room and reflects on why they let their mother upset them so much.,"
The author had an emotional conversation with their mother about an argument they had. During this conversation, the author found out that their mother didn't know how to swim and realized they needed to spend more time with her. They planned a mother/daughter day and had a great weekend together.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
345,"(65, 116)","(0.553, 0.755]","A few months ago I was trying to get on top of my financial situation. I am three years out of school now with student loans to be repaid. I thought it would be a responsible thing to do. I decided to run a full credit report on myself as I have never done one before. I never understood why my credit score was so low. I have always made payments on time, never kept a balance, and barely used my cards. <br><br>When I saw the results, I was shocked. I had two credit cards that were basically maxed out that I never knew about. I called the company that said I had accounts there and they said payments were being made on them so it doesn't seem to be fraud and I should ask people I know. <br><br>So, it turns out my own parent had falsely opened the cards under my name. I had 12,000 in credit card debt because of that associated with my name. And this is on top of my student loans! <br><br>I was so upset and hurt by this. I forced her to find a way to pay it back and get it off my name. Eventually she did. I am still hurt and weary of it all.","I am a digital freelancer, and several years ago I built an online store for my mum's business. She is very old school so I handled the digital stuff and eventually helped her build a 7 figure store on top of my normal day job. She is now wanting to retire and is in the process of final exchanges of contract with a buyer, and the money is going to help her and my dad retire comfortably. <br><br>So it sounds like a great story, but now that it's wrapping up I've stepped back and have seen with fresh eyes all the things I didn't do well, or things I didn't do at all - it's so strange how I didn't see it at the time - a kind of work/family blur that I can't explain. The success of the business kind of snowballed far beyond what we really set out for the business to be, and it reached a point where my mum was too old and old school to take it to the next step and where I didn't have the time (even convincing her to use social media was hard let alone using robotic fulfilment warehouses etc). <br><br>Although I was being partially compensated at the end, I had my own clients to deal with, and after I tried to get several other freelancers on board and it didn't work out, I just did what I could with what time I had. But with the pandemic the whole thing exploded at the same time that I went through two extremely tragic personal losses, and in hindsight I should have just delegated tasks and let the business flourish and should have been less protective. <br><br>It's true that my parents can retire comfortably because of me, but it's also true that they didn't have a lot more success because of me. I find it very hard to hold this two truths together and I'm scared I'll always think of it and always regret it.","
The author ran a credit report on themselves and discovered two credit cards in their name with a large amount of debt that they had no knowledge of. After investigating, they found out that their parent had opened the cards under their name. The author forced their parent to pay back the debt and remove it from their name, but is still hurt and wary of the situation.","The author built an online store for their mom's business and helped turn it into a successful 7-figure enterprise while juggling their own clients. However, the author realizes that they didn't do everything they could have done to take the business to the next level and feels guilty about it. Despite this, the business's success has allowed the author's parents to retire comfortably.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.0,1.0
346,"(65, 214)","(0.553, 0.755]","A few months ago I was trying to get on top of my financial situation. I am three years out of school now with student loans to be repaid. I thought it would be a responsible thing to do. I decided to run a full credit report on myself as I have never done one before. I never understood why my credit score was so low. I have always made payments on time, never kept a balance, and barely used my cards. <br><br>When I saw the results, I was shocked. I had two credit cards that were basically maxed out that I never knew about. I called the company that said I had accounts there and they said payments were being made on them so it doesn't seem to be fraud and I should ask people I know. <br><br>So, it turns out my own parent had falsely opened the cards under my name. I had 12,000 in credit card debt because of that associated with my name. And this is on top of my student loans! <br><br>I was so upset and hurt by this. I forced her to find a way to pay it back and get it off my name. Eventually she did. I am still hurt and weary of it all.","I remember when I first opened my bank account at 16 the first thing my Dad said was 'DONT GET A CREDIT CARD'! Although it was always tempting I didn't, until I did. I met a girl who at the time I didn't know was kinda rich. When we met I was only making 11,000 a year after taxes. She was making 40,000 after taxes. We decided to go on holiday and even though she offered I couldn't let her pay the bulk of it. So I got a credit card. And we used that as spending money. <br><br>I got a credit card and my thinking was literally 'maybe owing the bank will encourage me to get better prospects.' Surprisingly enough IT DID. Risky game though. I went to college and used the credit card to pay for it thinking it's gonna be am investment. It was. I still wasn't making much but entry level I was making more than I was when we had met. <br><br>We've been together 10 years and will have been married for 5 years in May. During these 10 years I've quit smoking and drinking heavily. I still drink but it's like once a month and not everyday like I was when I first met my wife. <br><br>When my wife told me she was pregnant the first time, my mind went don't let your kids have your debt. And I made my final payment today. I checked my statements and my initial use was 3,000 and over the years between college it amassed to about 7,000. I payed the bank at least 10,000 overall. But it's finally over. I am debt free.","
The author ran a credit report on themselves and discovered two credit cards in their name with a large amount of debt that they had no knowledge of. After investigating, they found out that their parent had opened the cards under their name. The author forced their parent to pay back the debt and remove it from their name, but is still hurt and wary of the situation.","
The author's father warned them not to get a credit card, but they eventually got one when they met a girl who was making more money than them. They used the credit card to pay for college and it ended up being a good investment. After finding out they were going to be a parent, the author made their final payment and became debt-free.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,2.0,2.0
347,"(66, 206)","(0.553, 0.755]","Earlier this summer, my neighbor---who I have known my entire life of 34 years---suddenly passed away. At first, I was very shocked. I had just sat down with her around my birthday, and while she mentioned having back pain, she was still sharp as a knife and not sick. <br><br>I have lived in this house forever (as I inherited it from my parents when they passed away, back when I was in college). I grew up knowing this neighbor. I viewed her as part of my extended family. She would always walk her adorable Yorkie dog down the street, and if I were outside, she would stop to talk to me about the day. <br><br>When I learned of her passing, I decided to attend her funeral. Her funeral was on a Thursday. I asked my in-laws if they would watch my son, who is only six. He cared a lot for our neighbor, too, but he is so young he doesn't quite understand the concept of mortality yet. I didn't want to expose him to her if her casket was open. (It was.)<br><br>At the funeral, I talked to other neighbors who were equally upset and sad. I hugged her family. I watched a slideshow of photos that also showed her husband, who had passed away earlier. I liked him, too. <br><br>Now her children are planning to sell her house, and I'm a little nervous. I've never had a new neighbor so close before.","I just talked to my friend. He's someone I had a crush on for years way back from high school. We started talking again lately after about 3 years of not talking and it's been great. <br><br>He has always been one with a great mind and lots of insight on life - part of the reason why I loved him back then. <br><br>He said he has no problem observing people and understanding them, but he has difficulty looking back into himself, and I was a mirror that helped him do that. He appreciated it a lot. <br><br>And I was over the moon when he said that. He's probably the only one I can hold a conversation through text with for hours.","
The author's neighbor unexpectedly passed away earlier this summer, leaving the author shocked and saddened. The author attended the neighbor's funeral and spoke with other neighbors who were equally upset. Now, the neighbor's children plan to sell the house, leaving the author nervous about having a new neighbor so close.","
The author reconnected with a former crush from high school after not talking for three years. The crush has a great mind and insight on life, but struggles with self-reflection. The author feels overjoyed that they can hold a conversation with them for hours.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,2.0,2.5
348,"(67, 126)","(0.553, 0.755]","In August of this year, I went with my wife and our kids, along with my father in law and my sister in law and her family to spread the ashes of my mother in law. We hiked up a trail in the Colorado National Monument, near Grand Junction Colorado, to one of her favorite spots to visit. It took about half an hour to get there. It was my first time going, but my wife and kids had gone before when my mother in law was not sick. <br><br>When we got to the spot, a large cliff overlooking the area, we took a few minutes to look around and enjoy the scenery. Then we found a small juniper tree that sat near the edge, and my father in law spread the ashes around the base. My kids hung up some trinkets they had brought that reminded them of their grandma, and everyone had brought a stone from her collection to stack on the spot. <br><br>After we had done this, my father in law sat down and started crying. It was hard to watch, as he had never displayed that kind of emotion around me before. My older daughter sat down next to him and they just sat there for a while and looked out on the valley ahead of them. She was the most in tune with her grandfather of all the grandchildren. She was the oldest, and had recently spent several months living with her grandparents, and had really grown to be close with them. <br><br>After they had sat for a while and came to terms with the moment, we went to one of my mother in law's favorite mexican restaurants to have dinner. We all talked about the memories we had of her, and her personality traits that stood out. My wife had a peach margarita in her honor, as that was one of her favorite drinks.","My dad was the kind of person whose only 2 goals in life were to have fun and to make others have fun. But now he's been gone for almost 5 years and everyone's still in the 'let's be sad and only gather together to cry about his tragically short life' phase. <br><br>Whenever I try to make jokes, even to people who weren't even affected by his death, usually all I get is awkward smiles and worried looks, some even go as far as saying it was inappropriate. And there are the ones who laugh but say 'oh my god, I shouldn't laugh at this'. <br><br>I know that if he was able to do so, he'd be the one making these jokes about his death. He wouldn't want to see us being sad, because of him, of all people. While he was alive, he was the one who would've moved mountains if that was what we needed to make us smile. Why do they think this changed in his death? <br><br>And even if he was the sourest, most serious and least fun person in the world, I should be allowed to grieve him how I want to. Grief shouldn't be about the deceased person but about the ones they left behind.","
The author and their family hiked to a spot in Colorado National Monument to spread the ashes of their mother-in-law. They placed the ashes around a small juniper tree and added trinkets and stones from her collection. The author's father-in-law cried, and their eldest daughter sat with him while they looked out over the valley. They later went to a Mexican restaurant to honor their mother-in-law's memory.","
The author's father was a fun-loving person who passed away five years ago, but everyone is still in mourning. The author tries to make jokes about his dad's death, but people find it inappropriate. The author believes that their father would have made jokes too, and that grief should be about how the living cope with the loss.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,3.0
349,"(67, 218)","(0.553, 0.755]","In August of this year, I went with my wife and our kids, along with my father in law and my sister in law and her family to spread the ashes of my mother in law. We hiked up a trail in the Colorado National Monument, near Grand Junction Colorado, to one of her favorite spots to visit. It took about half an hour to get there. It was my first time going, but my wife and kids had gone before when my mother in law was not sick. <br><br>When we got to the spot, a large cliff overlooking the area, we took a few minutes to look around and enjoy the scenery. Then we found a small juniper tree that sat near the edge, and my father in law spread the ashes around the base. My kids hung up some trinkets they had brought that reminded them of their grandma, and everyone had brought a stone from her collection to stack on the spot. <br><br>After we had done this, my father in law sat down and started crying. It was hard to watch, as he had never displayed that kind of emotion around me before. My older daughter sat down next to him and they just sat there for a while and looked out on the valley ahead of them. She was the most in tune with her grandfather of all the grandchildren. She was the oldest, and had recently spent several months living with her grandparents, and had really grown to be close with them. <br><br>After they had sat for a while and came to terms with the moment, we went to one of my mother in law's favorite mexican restaurants to have dinner. We all talked about the memories we had of her, and her personality traits that stood out. My wife had a peach margarita in her honor, as that was one of her favorite drinks.","A friend that I was close to died in a car accident a couple weeks ago. I'm feeling crushed emotionally and I know that my sadness has made me seclude myself. I took a few days off from work to grieve my friend. <br><br>Yesterday, a girl from my office texted me and asked if she could come by. My office had put together a card for me and although we've been teleworking (because of COVID) this girl drove to different coworkers homes and had them sign the card with notes of support to me. <br><br>She came by today and gave me the card, gave me a long, tight hug, and to my surprise she kissed my cheek. I've had a crush on this girl for a while but I've been quiet about it as I was dating someone else until recently. Her kissing my cheek wasn't expected, but it made me smile. <br><br>It does feel good to have people in your corner when you're feeling down. I appreciate it more than I know how to say.","
The author and their family hiked to a spot in Colorado National Monument to spread the ashes of their mother-in-law. They placed the ashes around a small juniper tree and added trinkets and stones from her collection. The author's father-in-law cried, and their eldest daughter sat with him while they looked out over the valley. They later went to a Mexican restaurant to honor their mother-in-law's memory.","
The author's friend died in a car accident and they took a few days off work to grieve. A girl from their office visited them and gave them a card with messages of support from other coworkers, as well as a hug and a kiss on the cheek. The author admits to having a crush on the girl, but appreciates the support from everyone during this difficult time.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,3.0
350,"(68, 91)","(0.553, 0.755]","This happened about 3 months ago. I was driving with my brother back from the movie theater when we were sideswiped by another car. It spun us around into the median and was completely terrifying. It really came out of nowhere and gave me no time to react or take any preventative measures. We both looked at each other shocked when we came to a stop. We checked on each other to make sure we were both okay, which we were. <br><br>We got out of my car to assess the damage and make sure the other driver was okay. The other driver got out of their car and was obviously under the influence. You could see the wobble in them from 20 feet away. My car, which was pretty new, was smashed in the rear driver side, but not as bad as I would have thought. <br><br>The other driver looked to be in his mid 20s and started to freak out a bit when he realized that we were calling the police. The police got there really quickly and gave the guy a field sobriety test which he failed miserably. I exchanged information with one of the officers while we waited for a tow truck to come. The other driver was arrested and my car was towed away. <br><br>It is the only major accident I've ever been in besides one or two small fender benders in parking lots. Surprisingly, my car was mostly okay. It's a 2012 Subaru Legacy that I spent a lot of time saving up for. I'm not entirely sure what happened to the other driver, but his insurance settled out with us. <br><br>Ironically, my car was salvaged out about a month later due to hail damage (somehow that was more costly than this accident).","I got up early that morning and took a shower then got dressed. I proceeded to go into the kitchen made my lunch then fed my cats and off I went to the office. Traffic was very bad that morning stop and go. As I sat in traffic I got so sleepy I could hardly keep my eyes open. The longer I stayed in traffic the worse I felt,, I couldn't keep my eyes open. <br><br>I finally got a block from my office and came to a stop light and don't remember going through the red light and hitting another car. After I hit the car of course my air bag went off and knocked the air out of me leaving me having a hard time breathing. I then heard the sound of an ambulance approaching. Two medic got out and tried to get me out of my car but the could't because my leg was badly messed up and bleeding. <br><br>Needless to say I broke my ankle and had to have pins put in it plus a compound fracture of my leg and all my ribs on my right side broken. I stayed in the hospital for about two weeks and had a lot of physical therapy. This happened about six months ago and I am still having a little trouble walking but little by little I'm getting better. <br><br>The accident was indeed my fault, I'm so glad the other person did not have any injuries . I since learned I have sleep- apnea and that is why I fell asleep at the wheel. I worry about driving and at times very nervous but with time I know things will get better. <br><br>I had to drive with my son to get the courage to drive again and even then I was very nervous and shaky . You never know what will happen when you leave home to go to work so always try to be prepared.","
The author and his brother were in a car accident when they were sideswiped by a drunk driver. The other driver failed a field sobriety test and was arrested. The author's car was damaged but surprisingly mostly okay, although it was later salvaged due to hail damage.","
The author got up early, made lunch, and went to work. They fell asleep at the wheel due to sleep apnea, causing an accident that left them with injuries. After having physical therapy and driving with their son, they are still nervous but slowly getting better.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.5,3.0,2.5
351,"(69, 207)","(0.553, 0.755]",I was making a choice to go back to college and finish my degree. So finally after two years it was time to graduate. I was so happy that after all the hard work it finally paid off. I finally finished my degree. <br><br>My whole family came to the graduation. Afterwards i went to eat out with my family and got some gifts. I was able to see all my old classmates so i was so happy. <br><br>My family took lots of photos to be able to remember the event. It was one of the happiest days of my life so far knowing how much time and effort i put into completing it.,"I always have felt behind in my life compared to my friends and other people I know. I'm 17 and I can't drive, I've never had a boyfriend, and I don't know what my plans are for the future. I felt so bad, like I was lesser than. <br><br>But this summer I got a job, and since there was no school, and it was under the table. I worked six days a week, like 60 hours a week. I was just going through the motions. <br><br>And here I am today, checking my bank account for the first time, and I have a balance of $7, 636.41. I can't believe I earned that! It feels SO good! None of my friends have jobs, and they always have to ask their parents for money, but here I am with this hefty loft! <br><br>And then also today, I finally got confirmation that I just got another job. Today is going so well! I feel like I'm really able to conquer the world and save money, and that when I move out next year, I'll know what to do. I can finally afford driving school, and I may not have any big plans, but now I'm going to get my CNA training with the Red Cross, because a woman I know offered me a job to be her in-house CNA if I get training. <br><br>And after I get experience there I can try for this healthcare agency, and I'll be able to make a higher wage traveling between locations, and I can pick what days I work and what shifts or if I even want to work at all that week. <br><br>Things are finally starting to piece together. Everything feels so clear, and right. Like I have a path to go down now, and I'm doing it ALL BY MYSELF! Nobody handed anything to me, nobody helped me with this. I DID THIS!! <br><br>I just feel so proud and hopefully I can start saving for a car or I'll have to figure out how loans work.","
The author finished their college degree after two years and graduated with their family present. They celebrated by eating out and receiving gifts. The author was happy to see their old classmates and it was one of the happiest days of their life.","The author always felt behind in life compared to their friends, but this summer they worked an under-the-table job for 60 hours a week and earned over $7,000. They also received confirmation of another job and plan to use their earnings to afford driving school and CNA training, which will lead to higher-paying job opportunities. The author feels proud of their accomplishments and excited to have a clear path for their future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.0
352,"(7, 88)","(0.519, 0.553]","I ended my therapy sessions today. I don't feel bittersweet like I thought I would. I never really built up a really strong trust with my therapist, and while I've come a long way, I've never really felt comfortable telling them everything about my life. <br><br>I ended therapy prematurely, but I got burned out. Not to mention it added a ton of financial stress to my life. <br><br>I still stand by my decision to end therapy, but it doesn't make it hurt any less.","This has been an extremely exhausting last few months, emotionally. My mother, who has always suffered with anxiety and depression, was admitted into a psychiatric ward in May after a particularly difficult bout of depression. We found out she was not taking her medicine. She had entered into a psychotic state and it ended up taking 5 weeks before she could be released. She changed hospitals twice. <br><br>I do not live where my mother does so I had to take time off work and spend a lot of time traveling. It was unbelievably exhausting. I did, however, develop a lot of friendships with her caretakers. <br><br>In the end she made huge progress, thankfully. However we are all concerned the issue will return. She is home now and doing ok but she may never be the same. Now she is doing group therapy weekly. Additionally she is back on meds that should work. <br><br>I am back to work now and do not visit as much. I used to feel guilty but at this point I am beyond tired.","
The person ended therapy but doesn't feel bittersweet as they never built a strong trust with their therapist, and while they came a long way, they never felt comfortable sharing everything. They ended therapy prematurely due to burnout and financial stress, but the decision still hurts.","
The author's mother was admitted to a psychiatric ward due to anxiety and depression and not taking her medication. After five weeks and changing hospitals twice, she was released and is now doing group therapy and back on medication. The author had to take time off work and travel to be with their mother, but is now back to work and feeling exhausted.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.5,1.0
353,"(70, 180)","(0.414, 0.426]",I work at a corporate IT department where we handle repairs and respond to high-level client issues. Recently I was able to fix an urgent problem for a client very quickly. Basically saving the company millions of dollars and reputation. Because of this my bosses decided to thank me and promote me at our monthly IT meeting. In front of everyone of course. <br><br>It was actually pretty awesome. I was excited that I was able to do my job well. It's not often I get this kind of praise in front of a crowd of 100+ people(co-workers). So it's definitely a moment I will remember for a long time. Really burns a fire to work hard and keep a dedicated grind! My immediate boss gave me a small award as well. <br><br>Once I got back to the office we had pizza and food all ready for the team. I was amazed the company did all this. How often does corporate do this kind of stuff? I would say very rarely so I was pleased.,"I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","
The author works at a corporate IT department and was able to quickly fix an urgent problem for a client, saving the company money and reputation. As a result, the author was promoted and given praise at a monthly IT meeting in front of a large crowd of co-workers. The company also provided pizza and food for the team, which was a rare and pleasant surprise for the author.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.5,3.5
354,"(71, 156)","(0.553, 0.755]","There are some memorable days in my life and they remain ever green in my heart. My first day of school is such a day. It was the month of January 2003. I was then only six years old. My father proposed that i should be admitted into a school in class on the next day. I felt very excited i could not think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, as i watched on TV. I could not even sleep well that night. <br><br>The next morning my mother woke me early in the morning, she washed me very well, combed my hair and dressed me in new clothes. Then i had breakfast and started for school with my father. He took me to the nearest CFB primary school at 9:30 am. The school was not very far from our home, so we walked all the way, it took us about 30 minutes to get to the school. <br><br>When i stepped into the school compound with my father i was somewhat afraid. I saw many student s on the school campus, some were playing, some where talking to each other. Finding myself in a new environment my heart started to beat, at first my father took me to the headmaster's room and requested him to admit me in first grade, i was nervous but his smiling face and and gentle eyes put me to ease. He asked me my name and i answered him. then he pointed me to a letter chart and asked me to say some letters. I could say them all because my mother taught me how to say it at home. Then he became very pleased at me and admitted me to first grade, then he called Ms Fatema the first grade teacher to take me to class. <br><br>When i entered the class all the students in the class where staring at me, i felt a bit nervous once again to see the new faces, i sat down and at my leisure period, all my classmate started playing in the field, i felt very lonely and was loitering here and there, then they invited me to join them, i started playing, i felt myself like a free bird flying in the open sky. <br><br>My school ends at 12pm, my mother was at the gate to receive me. I leapt into her arms she kissed me and caught me in her arms. That was how i spent my first day of school. I left the school with a new experience and a cheerful mind. I shall never forget that day as long as i live.","I don't really know what real life friends are anymore. I had friends in elementary and middle school. I would always talk to them and we would laugh and do stuff together but we would never interact outside of school. After Covid hit most of my friends moved and anyone who stayed doesn't talk to me willingly. I don't understand why. <br><br>Thinking about it I began to realize that they weren't real friends. They were people who I interacted with just to make school bearable. I began to realize that I had no real friends and wouldn't have any for the rest of my school life. People say your high school years are your best years but that hasn't been the case. <br><br>I have become the really quiet kid who literally only spoke if he had to. I actively try to make sure no one knows who I am and hope no one will remember me. I feel empty and can't imagine having friends in real life again. <br><br>I have online friends and have known them for years. They are the best thing to ever happen to me but I don't think I'll ever be able meet them in real life due to real life being a monster, money reasons and me being young. So I'm stuck here wondering if I'm going to be alone. If my online friends will eventually move on and I'll be completely alone. <br><br>I feel I will forget what having friends is like and what a friend is. I can already imagine sitting in a dimly lit apartment and staring at the ceiling, empty, alone, and wondering what the point of everything is. I wouldn't cry though because I am actively losing the ability to. <br><br>I just wonder if I will at least have friends in the future or if I will be completely alone, a shell doing stuff on autopilot.","The narrator recalls their first day of school in January 2003 when they were six years old. They were excited but nervous as they walked to the school with their father. After being admitted to first grade, they felt lonely at first but then joined their classmates in playing and felt like a free bird. The day ended happily when their mother picked them up and they felt grateful for the new experience.","The author reflects on their lack of real-life friends since childhood, realizing that their school friends were merely acquaintances. They have become a quiet and withdrawn person, feeling empty and unable to imagine having friends again. While they have online friends, they fear that they will eventually be alone and forget what it means to have friends.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,1.5,2.0
355,"(72, 190)","(0.553, 0.755]","Exactly three months ago today, I had the worst experience of my life. I could not eat without vomiting. I could not sleep for the pain. I was in desperate need of a doctor but didn't have health insurance. I waited as long as I could and finally when my eyes began turning yellow and my skin a yellowish orange color, I decided it was time to go to the emergency room. I was concerned of how I would pay for a visit but I knew something was wrong. It was almost like I could feel death approaching me. <br><br>When I came into the emergency department, I was immediately triaged and when the doctor examined me, his first words to the nurse was, ""Book an OR, stat!"". That was scary but at that point I was a the mercy of the physicians. I prayed to God, asking for his protection. Ten minutes later, I was under anesthesia, grasping at life. <br><br>The initial surgery took 2 hours and the second surgery took 11 hours. In recovery, the doctor explained to me that I had to be opened up and fixed. My gallbladder had gall stones and those gall stones had acted like bullets inside my body when my gallbladder had burst open. The gallstones tore through my pancreas, liver, and right kidney. They had to go in and do some repairs. <br><br>While the ordeal was traumatic and scary, it is a constant reminder that in a blink of an eye, I could have been 6 feet under right now. I am thankful I went to the hospital when I did. I am still unsure how to pay for the $800,000 bill, but I suppose that is the cost of my life. <br><br>Today I am a healthy 39 year old female who has an incredible deep red and ugly abdominal scar, but has the hope of a future."," Outside of a job/income, I've got everything I could want. A little apartment with the love of my life with flowers on the windowsill, and plans to tidy up and furnish the place. None of the things that I dreaded from my old homes have followed me here. Everything's pleasant and peaceful, I can trust that the person I want to make happy in life also wants me to be happy, we do things together to make ourselves a nice home. <br><br>There's no bitterness or spite or taking bad moods out to anyone, he's just as interested as I am about making a nice home we'll both enjoy. It's become a habit for both of us to just go express affection as a sign of being in a good mood, for something completely unrelated. The apartment is small so I can stop to kiss him on my way to the fridge and back, we can kiss while hanging up laundry, and hold hands while running boring errands and getting groceries. I can make him laugh. <br><br>Today he laid down on the bed for a while to get a break from sitting while gaming. So I went to kiss him, and as I got up, I took off his left sock and took it with me. He was so baffled that I'd do something like that for literally no reason that he started laughing, and his laughter is sunshine. <br><br>Today we're taking my old, broken table to recycling, it was replaced by the nice, prettier, sturdy table his parents bought for us. The apartment we share together is still a chaotic mess, but it is the mess that I want to be in. Life is nice.","A woman was experiencing extreme pain and vomiting for three months, but couldn't afford to see a doctor due to a lack of health insurance. She eventually went to the emergency room and was rushed into surgery due to a burst gallbladder caused by gallstones, which had caused severe damage to her pancreas, liver, and right kidney. She survived but was left with an $800,000 bill and a deep abdominal scar, but is grateful to be alive.","The story is about a person who is happy with their life despite not having a job. They live with their partner in a small apartment and enjoy making it a comfortable home. They share affection and happiness with their partner, and even do silly things like taking off their partner's sock for no reason. They are content with their messy but happy life.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
356,"(73, 108)","(0.553, 0.755]","Within this year I have gone back to college to get my degree in science. For years I have not gone to college because of my physical and mental health but decided to try because I have always wanted to complete college. It was hard. My skin condition made it painful to sleep let alone study and attend class. I sprained my ankle, got the flu and almost quit but I kept going despite having every excuse not to. <br><br>Then by the end of the semester I was given a ''fun'' assignment by our Psychology professor to do something that would make us feel uncomfortable and write how we overcame that. At the same time I had to give a Ted Talk style speech in my Writing and Research class so this was a great opportunity to do both. I felt uncomfortable and I even regretted it at first but I was able to complete both of my assignments and ended up getting a B+ for each of those classes while getting As for my Math and History class. <br><br>This was a roller coaster of emotions but I'm glad I did it. Now I'm stronger to continue on to my next semester which is just one week away. I was surprised at myself. I quit college 3 times the first semester before this so I was afraid I would have to pay for it all again. But it was worth it. <br><br>Now I'm a step closer to my goal and I feel that I'm not just learning the subject of each class. I'm learning how to take notes better and how to approach real life problems with the tools I've learned in Psychology.","I am sitting here, studying calculus for my NES EAS for the elementary ed exam coming up. All of the practice tests I have encountered included learning derivatives, something that I barely learned as I took calculus as a high school senior. I am questioning whether or not I should become an elementary school teacher, because I have to calculate derivatives without a calculator in less than a week. <br><br>I laugh at the ridiculousness of teacher's exams, with a 54 percent fail rate on the first try and then a quarter never passing. I am not surprised why there is a teacher shortage. <br><br>In contrast, 85% of nursing students pass their tests on the first try.","
The author went back to college to get their degree in science despite physical and mental health issues. They faced many obstacles including a skin condition, a sprained ankle, and the flu. However, they persevered and even completed a challenging assignment which helped them learn valuable skills beyond the subject matter of their classes.","
The writer is studying calculus for the upcoming NES EAS exam for elementary education, which requires knowing derivatives. They are struggling with this concept and questioning whether they should become a teacher. The writer notes the high fail rate of teacher exams and the contrast of the high pass rate for nursing students.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.5,3.5,2.5
357,"(73, 276)","(0.553, 0.755]","Within this year I have gone back to college to get my degree in science. For years I have not gone to college because of my physical and mental health but decided to try because I have always wanted to complete college. It was hard. My skin condition made it painful to sleep let alone study and attend class. I sprained my ankle, got the flu and almost quit but I kept going despite having every excuse not to. <br><br>Then by the end of the semester I was given a ''fun'' assignment by our Psychology professor to do something that would make us feel uncomfortable and write how we overcame that. At the same time I had to give a Ted Talk style speech in my Writing and Research class so this was a great opportunity to do both. I felt uncomfortable and I even regretted it at first but I was able to complete both of my assignments and ended up getting a B+ for each of those classes while getting As for my Math and History class. <br><br>This was a roller coaster of emotions but I'm glad I did it. Now I'm stronger to continue on to my next semester which is just one week away. I was surprised at myself. I quit college 3 times the first semester before this so I was afraid I would have to pay for it all again. But it was worth it. <br><br>Now I'm a step closer to my goal and I feel that I'm not just learning the subject of each class. I'm learning how to take notes better and how to approach real life problems with the tools I've learned in Psychology.","I am co-founder and CEO of a company called Commit. I come from a non-entrepreneurial, almost not even business-focused background. I started school in the mindset of I wanna be a doctor. When I got to college, I sat there and I'm like, okay, going into medicine is a huge commitment. It's actually not really something that drives me. In school, I realized that what made me really happy and passionate and motivated me was working in teams to solve problems. That kind of was really nebulous for me at the time of how you turn that into a career, until I found consulting. It didn't force me to choose one career, it allowed me to continue exploring, and trying different things. <br><br>I did not think I was ever going to be an entrepreneur. I left consulting to go to school, get my Masters. Commit started while I was still in school. I graduated less than two months ago, and have been working on my startup full time since then. I'm 28 now and I still haven't answered for myself, what do I wanna be when I grow up? <br><br>As long as you just don't close a door and burn a bridge, the options will always be there.","
The author went back to college to get their degree in science despite physical and mental health issues. They faced many obstacles including a skin condition, a sprained ankle, and the flu. However, they persevered and even completed a challenging assignment which helped them learn valuable skills beyond the subject matter of their classes.","The CEO of Commit comes from a non-business background and initially wanted to be a doctor. However, in college, they discovered their passion for working in teams to solve problems and found a career in consulting. Despite never thinking of themselves as an entrepreneur, they co-founded Commit while in school and now work on it full-time after graduating with a Masters. They believe that as long as you keep your options open, opportunities will always be there.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,1.5,3.0
358,"(74, 159)","(0.553, 0.755]","He told me that he'd wait for me. That I was worth it for him. He told me that I made him happy and that he could talk to me in ways that he's never been able to talk with another person before. I was so happy to have meant something to this person the way that he told me I did. <br><br>I wanted to take things slow with him, my heart was already ripped up and starting to heal. I knew that my heart was filling up with him completely. We used to stay up late and just talk to each other until we fell asleep. I slept better at night. I hoped that he did, too. <br><br>One night after we spent time talking like we did, he asked me to be his girlfriend. I asked him if he was formally asking and not just joking. He said he was. I said yes. <br><br>Not even two weeks later he broke up with me. Because we both had other things to take care of. There was suddenly no room for me in his life. <br><br>I'm still broken up about it. I still hurt. It hurts right now. Why promise me these things and then take them away? What did I do. Did I do wrong? He says I didn't. I don't believe him. <br><br>I don't hate him.",My gf broke up with me. It's been terrible. I miss her and want her back everyday. I don't know how she's doing and maybe she's doing fine. Maybe she's missing me too. <br><br>I love her and wish I could change things. I think one of the worst parts about this is how my mind makes things up or when I get a bad thought in my head I can't get it out. <br><br>I love her more than I could ever express. I wanted to spend my life doing my best to express the love I have for her. I hope that one day we can get back together. <br><br>She is amazing. So beautiful and sexy and smart and funny. Her personality is amazing and the things she'd do for me were lovely. <br><br>Sometimes I wish someone could fix this or that I could rewind time. But right now I'm just going to work on myself and do what I need. Whether or not she wants to be a part of that is her decision. <br><br>I just would be really really really happy if she is a part of that.,"
A person tells the narrator that they will wait for them and that they make them happy. They take things slow and eventually become official, but after less than two weeks, the person breaks up with the narrator, citing other priorities. The narrator is hurt and confused, wondering why they were promised love and then left.","
The writer's girlfriend broke up with him and he is struggling to cope with the pain of the breakup. He misses her and wants her back but is unsure of her feelings towards him. He loves her and hopes that they can reconcile in the future, but for now he is focusing on improving himself.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,4.0,3.5
359,"(75, 76)","(0.553, 0.755]","My wife has been trying to convince me to start streaming on Twitch and I finally took the plunge a few months ago. Just this week out of nowhere I got a ton of new follows and went from being a small nobody stream to a not too small not quite a nobody stream with a couple hundred follows and an eighty viewer average. It was at this moment that I realized that maybe I actually could make streaming into something. Apparently people like to watch me once they discover me and find my brand of humor amusing. <br><br>My wife is currently my only moderator but this also means she's watching my streams when I'm playing and we've grown closer because of the sheer amount of stupid twitch chat/streaming involves. Last weekend I got a donation from someone that touched me. In it they talked about how they'd been going through a rough time of their lives because their parents had gotten in a car wreck while they were on vacation. They had both lived but their father had gotten paralyzed. <br><br>He'd been depressed since the accident since he'd always been an active man but now couldn't do that anymore. His father asked him what he was watching and he showed him the stream and they wound up watching me for the entire three hours I was streaming that night. His father's mood apparently improved and he even asked when the next time I'd be streaming is and asked his son if they could watch me together again. <br><br>I'd never thought that doing something as silly as playing video-games and just talking with random people in my chat could help. I'm glad to find out I was mistaken though and even if it's just a guy and his father I'm happy to say it at least helped two people. <br><br>My wife however is living the ""I told you so"" dream at this point and keeps rubbing in that I should have started sooner. Now if only my father was still around so I could join the ""I told you so"" bandwagon since he always said ""You can't make money playing video-games"".","This event happened about two months back. I work from home so my home computer is my life line. Without it I simply couldn't get paid. <br><br>Anyway two months ago my CPU suddenly just died. At first I had no idea what had went wrong, but apparently the cooling gel used to keep the CPU under extreme temps had mostly evaporated, so the CPU was overheating during my late night gaming sessions. <br><br>At the point in time I didn't have enough money to buy a better CPU, I had just finished paying off a bunch of debt that I collected over the years. I pretty much thought I was screwed and maybe had to go out and get a temp job until I had enough money to replace my broken CPU. <br><br>Anyway I had told my mom about it and I guess she told the family because a few days later my mom came over and handed me an envelope of money. At first I thought it was from her and I declined it, I didn't want to take my mother's hard earned money she got from working all those years. <br><br>But she informed me a few of my brothers and sisters got together and pooled in money, enough that I could replace my CPU with a brand new powerful one. I'm not much of an emotional guy, at least in front of others. I try to always keep my cool and play it straight, but I couldn't help as the tears started to fall from my eyes. I was so grateful and thankful that people who loved and cared for me came through and went the extra mile for this. <br><br>My family isn't rich, so I know them giving up their hard earned money to help me out was big. Not saying we're poor, but we're not rich enough where we can just give away money without a care in the world. <br><br>My mom gave me a big hug and in that moment I felt the deepest amount of gratitude I ever experienced in my entire life. From the bottom of my heart I was truly deeply thankful. <br><br>Later on I got together with my brothers and sisters that helped out, throwing them a party in their honor. It was the least I could do for such wonderful family members.","After taking his wife's advice and starting to stream on Twitch, a man gained many new followers and realized he could turn streaming into a career. His wife now moderates his stream and they have grown closer because of it. One viewer's father, who had been depressed after becoming paralyzed in a car accident, watched the stream and his mood improved, making the streamer realize the impact he can have.","The author's CPU suddenly died due to overheating caused by evaporated cooling gel, leaving them unable to work from home. They didn't have enough money to replace it, but their family pooled together to give them enough for a new, powerful CPU. The author was overwhelmed with gratitude and threw a party to thank their family members who helped out.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,3.0,2.5
360,"(76, 192)","(0.553, 0.755]","This event happened about two months back. I work from home so my home computer is my life line. Without it I simply couldn't get paid. <br><br>Anyway two months ago my CPU suddenly just died. At first I had no idea what had went wrong, but apparently the cooling gel used to keep the CPU under extreme temps had mostly evaporated, so the CPU was overheating during my late night gaming sessions. <br><br>At the point in time I didn't have enough money to buy a better CPU, I had just finished paying off a bunch of debt that I collected over the years. I pretty much thought I was screwed and maybe had to go out and get a temp job until I had enough money to replace my broken CPU. <br><br>Anyway I had told my mom about it and I guess she told the family because a few days later my mom came over and handed me an envelope of money. At first I thought it was from her and I declined it, I didn't want to take my mother's hard earned money she got from working all those years. <br><br>But she informed me a few of my brothers and sisters got together and pooled in money, enough that I could replace my CPU with a brand new powerful one. I'm not much of an emotional guy, at least in front of others. I try to always keep my cool and play it straight, but I couldn't help as the tears started to fall from my eyes. I was so grateful and thankful that people who loved and cared for me came through and went the extra mile for this. <br><br>My family isn't rich, so I know them giving up their hard earned money to help me out was big. Not saying we're poor, but we're not rich enough where we can just give away money without a care in the world. <br><br>My mom gave me a big hug and in that moment I felt the deepest amount of gratitude I ever experienced in my entire life. From the bottom of my heart I was truly deeply thankful. <br><br>Later on I got together with my brothers and sisters that helped out, throwing them a party in their honor. It was the least I could do for such wonderful family members.","I listen to this podcast called Were You Raised By Wolves?. It's all etiquette, questions and how to handle tough situations gracefully and properly. I had a situation worthy of some input so I emailed them last week. They got back to me yesterday with the kindest email and told me my question would be included in a future episode. <br><br>It was actually written by one of the hosts, not a form email and it was so lovely. I included some sloth facts for Leah (one of the hosts) in my original email and Nick (another host) actually thanked me for them and told me Leah loved them. <br><br>I've been under a lot of stress lately, work and therapy and a death in the family, so that small bit of kindness was almost too much for me. ","The author's CPU suddenly died due to overheating caused by evaporated cooling gel, leaving them unable to work from home. They didn't have enough money to replace it, but their family pooled together to give them enough for a new, powerful CPU. The author was overwhelmed with gratitude and threw a party to thank their family members who helped out.","
The author listens to a podcast called Were You Raised By Wolves, which is about etiquette and handling tough situations. They emailed the hosts for advice and received a personal and kind response, which included a promise to feature their question in a future episode. The author was grateful for the hosts' kindness, especially during a stressful time in their life.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.0,2.0
361,"(76, 217)","(0.519, 0.553]","This event happened about two months back. I work from home so my home computer is my life line. Without it I simply couldn't get paid. <br><br>Anyway two months ago my CPU suddenly just died. At first I had no idea what had went wrong, but apparently the cooling gel used to keep the CPU under extreme temps had mostly evaporated, so the CPU was overheating during my late night gaming sessions. <br><br>At the point in time I didn't have enough money to buy a better CPU, I had just finished paying off a bunch of debt that I collected over the years. I pretty much thought I was screwed and maybe had to go out and get a temp job until I had enough money to replace my broken CPU. <br><br>Anyway I had told my mom about it and I guess she told the family because a few days later my mom came over and handed me an envelope of money. At first I thought it was from her and I declined it, I didn't want to take my mother's hard earned money she got from working all those years. <br><br>But she informed me a few of my brothers and sisters got together and pooled in money, enough that I could replace my CPU with a brand new powerful one. I'm not much of an emotional guy, at least in front of others. I try to always keep my cool and play it straight, but I couldn't help as the tears started to fall from my eyes. I was so grateful and thankful that people who loved and cared for me came through and went the extra mile for this. <br><br>My family isn't rich, so I know them giving up their hard earned money to help me out was big. Not saying we're poor, but we're not rich enough where we can just give away money without a care in the world. <br><br>My mom gave me a big hug and in that moment I felt the deepest amount of gratitude I ever experienced in my entire life. From the bottom of my heart I was truly deeply thankful. <br><br>Later on I got together with my brothers and sisters that helped out, throwing them a party in their honor. It was the least I could do for such wonderful family members.","My brother studies IT and he got an assigment to make a game. He's been working on it for some time now and every time he does something new or has an issue, he calls me into his room and tells me what he did. I have no clue what he's doing and don't understand much but I sit and listen. <br><br>There's this method that programmers use when they can't find where the mistake in their code is. They take a rubber duck and go through their code by explaining to it what they did so they find the issue. I'm always joking I'm my brother's rubber duck since I don't do much more than listen. <br><br>Today he finished his game and asked me to try it out. It was really cool but I saw something odd and asked him why it is that way. He realised he made a mistake and fixed it real quick. <br><br>Finally, I am more useful than a rubber duck!","The author's CPU suddenly died due to overheating caused by evaporated cooling gel, leaving them unable to work from home. They didn't have enough money to replace it, but their family pooled together to give them enough for a new, powerful CPU. The author was overwhelmed with gratitude and threw a party to thank their family members who helped out.","The author's brother is creating a game for an IT assignment and often talks to the author about his progress. The author jokes that they are their brother's ""rubber duck"" because they don't understand much about programming. However, when the author plays the finished game and points out a mistake, the brother quickly fixes it, showing that the author is more useful than a rubber duck.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,2.5
362,"(76, 88)","(0.553, 0.755]","This event happened about two months back. I work from home so my home computer is my life line. Without it I simply couldn't get paid. <br><br>Anyway two months ago my CPU suddenly just died. At first I had no idea what had went wrong, but apparently the cooling gel used to keep the CPU under extreme temps had mostly evaporated, so the CPU was overheating during my late night gaming sessions. <br><br>At the point in time I didn't have enough money to buy a better CPU, I had just finished paying off a bunch of debt that I collected over the years. I pretty much thought I was screwed and maybe had to go out and get a temp job until I had enough money to replace my broken CPU. <br><br>Anyway I had told my mom about it and I guess she told the family because a few days later my mom came over and handed me an envelope of money. At first I thought it was from her and I declined it, I didn't want to take my mother's hard earned money she got from working all those years. <br><br>But she informed me a few of my brothers and sisters got together and pooled in money, enough that I could replace my CPU with a brand new powerful one. I'm not much of an emotional guy, at least in front of others. I try to always keep my cool and play it straight, but I couldn't help as the tears started to fall from my eyes. I was so grateful and thankful that people who loved and cared for me came through and went the extra mile for this. <br><br>My family isn't rich, so I know them giving up their hard earned money to help me out was big. Not saying we're poor, but we're not rich enough where we can just give away money without a care in the world. <br><br>My mom gave me a big hug and in that moment I felt the deepest amount of gratitude I ever experienced in my entire life. From the bottom of my heart I was truly deeply thankful. <br><br>Later on I got together with my brothers and sisters that helped out, throwing them a party in their honor. It was the least I could do for such wonderful family members.","This has been an extremely exhausting last few months, emotionally. My mother, who has always suffered with anxiety and depression, was admitted into a psychiatric ward in May after a particularly difficult bout of depression. We found out she was not taking her medicine. She had entered into a psychotic state and it ended up taking 5 weeks before she could be released. She changed hospitals twice. <br><br>I do not live where my mother does so I had to take time off work and spend a lot of time traveling. It was unbelievably exhausting. I did, however, develop a lot of friendships with her caretakers. <br><br>In the end she made huge progress, thankfully. However we are all concerned the issue will return. She is home now and doing ok but she may never be the same. Now she is doing group therapy weekly. Additionally she is back on meds that should work. <br><br>I am back to work now and do not visit as much. I used to feel guilty but at this point I am beyond tired.","The author's CPU suddenly died due to overheating caused by evaporated cooling gel, leaving them unable to work from home. They didn't have enough money to replace it, but their family pooled together to give them enough for a new, powerful CPU. The author was overwhelmed with gratitude and threw a party to thank their family members who helped out.","
The author's mother was admitted to a psychiatric ward due to anxiety and depression and not taking her medication. After five weeks and changing hospitals twice, she was released and is now doing group therapy and back on medication. The author had to take time off work and travel to be with their mother, but is now back to work and feeling exhausted.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,3.0,2.0
363,"(77, 105)","(0.553, 0.755]","I recently went on a swimming trip with a group of friends. It was after a Sunday religious service we are all a part of on a hot summer day. We all arranged together how we would get there and where we were going. We drove in three separate cars. We arrived at an area of a river where there was a canal that had deep and slow moving water. <br><br>It was a short walk to the area, and we had to climb down a rocky ledge to reach it. I decided to go in fast while the others were tentative because of the cold water. When getting in, I scraped my arm on the rock I was holding while lowering myself. It made me feel rather clumsy and then I started worrying about if it might get infected. I didn't make a big deal of it because I didn't want to ruin anyone else's time. <br><br>We all swam for a little while, then gathered in a shallow area and just sat and talked for a while. At one point I decided to get up and explore some of the rocky area around the swimming hole. Being with the group was reminding me of times as a kid when I went swimming in these kinds of places with friends. It was making me sad that I don't do it that often anymore. So I felt that going off on my own and gathering my emotions would be best. <br><br>I walked around on the rocks and looked at the trees of the forest behind it. Then I found a spot in the shade and laid down for the remainder of our time there. A friend yelled up to me that we were leaving so then we all climbed back up the ledge and got in the cars and left.","It's always nice to spend time with my family. We usually don't all get together often, but I'm glad that we did this time. We ended up going to a water park, which is totally new for me! I've been to regular theme parks, but never a certified water park. I'm glad this is where we went because this day was super fun (even with the perils of summer). <br><br>As always, the lines to get in were long. It was hot outside. I almost got stung by a bee! It was all well worth it because I got to conquer my fears. Theme park rides scare me. The speed, the slopes, that fluttering feeling in my stomach, the dark tunnels. Getting me on one takes an awful lot of persuasion! <br><br>However, I faced my fear. I went on one of the most intense rides in the park, and I survived! I was screaming the whole way down, but I did it. I am proud of myself and had so much fun!","
The author went on a swimming trip with friends after a religious service on a hot summer day. They arrived at a river and swam for a little while, but the author scraped their arm on a rock. Feeling sad about not swimming with friends more often, they went off alone to gather their emotions, then rejoined the group before leaving.","
The writer spends time with their family at a water park, which is a new experience for them. Despite the long lines, hot weather, and a near bee sting, they conquer their fear of theme park rides and go on one of the most intense rides in the park. They scream the whole way down but are proud of themselves and have a great time.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.5,1.5
364,"(78, 151)","(0.553, 0.755]","Today was a horrible day. Out of nowhere, my sweet girl passed away. Everything was going as usual, when mom called and told me the devastating news that my baby had to be put down. Apparently, she was walking into the kitchen when she saw her going in circles and then lay down. She rushed her to the vet. <br><br>She kept repeating that the poor baby just wasn't there anymore and she hoped she made the right choice. <br><br>I got angry. Of course she didn't make the right choice! How could she not try to go to the specialist! Why wouldn't she let me take her? <br><br>I can't believe I didn't even get to say goodbye one last time. My girl wasn't supposed to go yet. <br><br>I am so mad that I didn't take her on that walk when I last visited. She always loved walks and I was too selfish to spare the 15 minutes. That was always her favorite.","I just got a puppy. He's really cute and overall fairly well behaved for only being 2 months old. My mom and little brother love the dog, but he is supposed to be ""my dog"", and I kind of don't want him. I don't know why I feel this way, especially since we've only had him since last week. I feel really bad about it and I don't know what to do about it either. <br><br>I've never had a pet, but I've wanted a dog for a few years now. I really thought I wanted one. I was super happy when we first brought him home and was excited out of my mind for the first few days. He's sleeping in my room, but he's annoying me a lot. ( I get annoyed easily, unfortunately ). He keeps biting my bed and a chair I have in my room that used to be my grandma's. I understand that his teeth are itchy, but he has a ton of toys he could bite. I however have no problems taking him out on walks and whatnot. <br><br>I'm also a naturally messy person, so having a dog and having to keep my room clean at all times is really annoying for me. I am also suspecting that I might have ADD because I have a really hard time cleaning/going to school/and really doing anything even slightly time consuming. <br><br>The thing is also kinda that whenever I'm in school, I have to go home at lunch to take him outside and play with him. This has also complicated things more, so I haven't been in school at all since we got him. And on top of that, I can't really afford to get much more school absence, or I'm going to have to retake a grade (again). I had big problems just getting myself to school before, and now it's just so much harder with him to think about. <br><br>I think I've romanticized the whole ""having a puppy"" thing, unfortunately.","
The author's pet unexpectedly passed away and they were devastated. The pet had to be put down after being rushed to the vet due to sudden illness. The author is angry that they didn't get to say goodbye and regrets not taking their pet on a walk during their last visit.","
The author got a puppy a week ago and although their family loves him, the author is realizing they don't really want a dog. The puppy is annoying and bites things, and the author is struggling to keep up with their responsibilities, including taking the dog out during school hours. The author realizes they might have ADD and feels bad for not enjoying the experience of having a puppy as much as they thought they would.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,2.0,2.0,1.5
365,"(78, 189)","(0.553, 0.755]","Today was a horrible day. Out of nowhere, my sweet girl passed away. Everything was going as usual, when mom called and told me the devastating news that my baby had to be put down. Apparently, she was walking into the kitchen when she saw her going in circles and then lay down. She rushed her to the vet. <br><br>She kept repeating that the poor baby just wasn't there anymore and she hoped she made the right choice. <br><br>I got angry. Of course she didn't make the right choice! How could she not try to go to the specialist! Why wouldn't she let me take her? <br><br>I can't believe I didn't even get to say goodbye one last time. My girl wasn't supposed to go yet. <br><br>I am so mad that I didn't take her on that walk when I last visited. She always loved walks and I was too selfish to spare the 15 minutes. That was always her favorite.","This morning, I found out I am going to my first public school, which is within a biking distance from my house. After finding this out, I discover that tomorrow, I must awaken in the morning 1 hour earlier than usual as to prepare for my day because I am getting contacts tomorrow, and my glasses come in next week. I will finally be able to see! <br><br>After that whole thing, I felt amazing and decided to get stuff done, and I believe I was quite productive. After that, I rode my bicycle and got to pet 10 dogs They were all very happy to sniff me and lick me, and I was very happy to scratch behind their ears and give them my complete attention. <br><br>After petting the 6th fur angel, I found a really cool looking tree that looked like an umbrella, but completely natural, dome shape and all. I sat under said tree and became very happy. <br><br>On my way home, I did not have issues riding up the extremely steep hill which I normally ride down, and made it home, where I cooked some rice, did more school work, and was snuggled by my dog. <br><br>All in all, I hope tomorrow is just as great, because I am now in a positive mood and do not ever want the happiness to end!","
The author's pet unexpectedly passed away and they were devastated. The pet had to be put down after being rushed to the vet due to sudden illness. The author is angry that they didn't get to say goodbye and regrets not taking their pet on a walk during their last visit.","
The narrator found out they're going to a new public school close by, and they're getting contacts tomorrow. They felt amazing and were productive before petting 10 dogs and finding a cool looking tree. They made it home, did some school work, and snuggled with their dog, hoping for another great day tomorrow.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,3.0,1.5
366,"(79, 82)","(0.553, 0.755]","Well, I am a grandmother. I have a 30 year old son. He got married at 17, and I have an 11 year old granddaughter and a 2 year old grandson. My son's dad was Jewish, from Poland, but born in New York in 1966. He died of a brain tumor. <br><br>My son, looks fine, but the kids were born with a brain cyst. Both had had a brain surgery to help them, but the cysts are still there. These cysts are affecting their lives, they have to go see the Doctor and check them. Just a week ago, my little grandson had a surgery again. I went to visit him in the Hospital, and he looked so delicate, so blue, and very, very pale. <br><br>I am so worried about them, but other than that, when the cysts are not acting, they are healthy, normal, and very intelligent. I would say that they are geniuses. And happy. I just love them. <br><br>They don't live with me, but they come visit. I love to play with my grandson, he is the one that plays with me. Last night, we were playing, and I showed him a chess box. We placed all the pieces in the board and we had fun with them. <br><br>I am so happy he is doing well. He has to wear a helmet because his skull is so thin that one fall could be fatal. But in the last check up, the Dr. said his skull is getting better. Perhaps one day he will be able to be without the helmet. <br><br>Right now, just seeing them alive is a miracle.","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me.","
The grandmother has a 30-year-old son who got married at 17 and has an 11-year-old granddaughter and a 2-year-old grandson. Both children were born with a brain cyst, and despite having surgeries, the cysts are still there and affecting their lives. The grandson has to wear a helmet because of his thin skull, but the grandmother is happy that they are healthy, normal, intelligent, and alive.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,1.5,3.0,2.0
367,"(8, 162)","(0.519, 0.553]","I switched academic advisors today. When I emailed my new advisor, I made a joke about my bad GPA, because my old advisor gave me shit for getting bad grades. (""Anon, maybe you're just not smart enough to be here."") My old advisor didn't want to have me because I made her look bad. My new advisor replied that he's honestly excited to get to know me better. He said he was going to work with me to figure out how to survive college. He didn't care that my GPA is bad. <br><br>This unexpected support and acceptance made me sit down and sob for the first time in months. I didn't know why I was crying at first, but then I realized it was just the relief that someone was finally NOT judging me for my grades. Everyone who has seen my academic record just assumes things about me, because after all, how can you get D's and still deserve to be here? <br><br>I realized that this is the first time in two years that I've felt like more than the sum of my GPA and academic achievements. That's how I know this is such a fucked up place. Somehow, the faculty and staff have lost humanity amidst problem sets and exams and grades. I even forgot that I'm more than a sum of my academic achievements. It's easy to say to each other ""oh, you are more than your grades,"" but when your professors and advisor and faculty and mentors don't echo the same message, that's when things get bad. <br><br>Thank God for this professor. To anyone else out there who feels like they're absolute shit because their academic record isn't perfect, you are SO MUCH MORE than grades and problem sets and exams and school. You are a complex, beautiful, amazing human being and you deserve to be treated that way. Please don't forget it.","I am in my first year of college, and I miss my mom to a life-threatening degree. I keep getting sick and I never know how to handle it, and I have horrible health anxiety and can't ever get myself out of the colossal breakdowns I have every time I feel like something is wrong with my body. It's like every day is a living nightmare. <br><br>I love my classes, I love learning, I want to get my PhD and become a professor, but I just can't stand college and can't stand getting sick constantly and having no one around to help me deal with my emotions or to tell me I'll be okay. <br><br>I can't do it anymore. I just can't do it anymore, but Im $14k late.","
The author changed academic advisors and made a joke about their bad grades to the new advisor, who was supportive and excited to work with them. This was a relief as the author felt judged for their academic record and felt like they were only valued for their grades. The author realized that they are more than their GPA and that faculty and staff should also convey this message to students.","
A college student is struggling with severe homesickness and health anxiety, causing constant breakdowns and difficulty coping with illness. Despite enjoying her classes and academic goals, she feels overwhelmed and unsupported. However, she is also facing financial difficulties, with $14k in unpaid fees adding to her stress.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
368,"(80, 171)","(0.553, 0.755]","After my son was born in 2016, I lived with my parents for a couple years. I got married and my husband moved in with us, and we decided to have another baby in January of 2018. During that time, my Dad was diagnosed with early signs of dementia. It was a hard time for all of us. He was mostly bed ridden and having other complications as well. He survived skin cancer 2 different times and was missing part of his nose and mouth from it. <br><br>He started to be very mean to my son at random times because of the dementia and it got very tough and stressful. We were ALL on edge about it. My husband who lived with us as well, decided that we were moving out because of it. <br><br>When we told them the news, everyone got into an argument and it got VERY heated. It was mostly my husband that made the decision, so my parents took all the anger out on him. We moved out. And I was in very little to no contact with them. <br><br>During that time, my Dad passed away from a heart attack. I would give anything to go back in time and tell him that I love him.","I went out to dinner today with my mum, my brother and his wife. My mum mentioned how grandma nearly died yesterday. Grandma lives in China and she has dementia. She was missing yesterday night and they found her wedged between a harbour and a ship. All wet, cold and injured. My mum was clearly upset but was staying strong. She said how grandma is growing old and that she doesnt remember things anymore. <br><br>At this moment, my brother was like she repeated it 4 times already. I was annoyed when he said that because of his lack of empathy. Afterwards, when my mum is finally done talking about grandma, my brother said to me and his wife in English. They should just euthanise grandma since she's so old and that she doesn't even remember who she is. I was really annoyed when he said that because of the timing. This event is still so raw. My mum is upset and I'm upset about it. <br><br>Anyways, afterwards, my mum then asked me what happened (she doesn't understand English). I told her oh my brother said to euthanise grandma. My mum got angry at my brother. My brother then started telling me off for telling my mother about. I then argued with my brother about how he's saying this stuff to get a reaction and to have your opinion rather than actually caring about mum. <br><br>My brother has always been like that. If we watch a documentary of kids starving, he'll say something like ""Well, I don't care about them because it's not me"". If we were watching something about how animals are getting killed for their skin, he'll say stuff like ""mass extinction happens all the time!"". Like he say these stuff to be witty. Anyways, he then started arguing with my mum about how he's right, saying stuff like you're stupid and stuff. My mum said grandma still wants to live. They're still arguing. <br><br>What I'm mad about is the fact that my brother clearly wants to be right rather than actually caring about his family like he claims he is.","
The author lived with her parents after her son was born, but after getting married and having another child, her dad was diagnosed with early signs of dementia. He became mean to her son due to the illness and the author and her husband decided to move out, causing an argument with her parents. The author's dad passed away from a heart attack and she regrets not being able to tell him she loved him.","
The narrator went out to dinner with their family and their mum mentioned that their grandma, who lives in China and has dementia, nearly died the day before after being found injured and wet. The narrator's brother showed a lack of empathy and suggested euthanizing their grandma. The narrator argued with their brother about his lack of care for their family and his desire to be right.",3,,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
369,"(80, 286)","(0.553, 0.755]","After my son was born in 2016, I lived with my parents for a couple years. I got married and my husband moved in with us, and we decided to have another baby in January of 2018. During that time, my Dad was diagnosed with early signs of dementia. It was a hard time for all of us. He was mostly bed ridden and having other complications as well. He survived skin cancer 2 different times and was missing part of his nose and mouth from it. <br><br>He started to be very mean to my son at random times because of the dementia and it got very tough and stressful. We were ALL on edge about it. My husband who lived with us as well, decided that we were moving out because of it. <br><br>When we told them the news, everyone got into an argument and it got VERY heated. It was mostly my husband that made the decision, so my parents took all the anger out on him. We moved out. And I was in very little to no contact with them. <br><br>During that time, my Dad passed away from a heart attack. I would give anything to go back in time and tell him that I love him.","One of the things my parents always taught me was to always take pride in your work, regardless if it's cleaning toilets. Even though I was working just at the mall, I still took a lot of pride in work and being a holiday cashier. Eventually they kept me on, it ended up being something I fell in love with. 27 years later, I'm still here. <br><br>When I left my hometown I was 21. I was moving to Los Angeles, I had just finished college. My aunt was talking very negatively about my decision, you're gonna fail, you're gonna come back crawling, anything you can imagine that would be demotivating. I didn't talk back to her, but I internalized a lot of her negativity and processed it more as empowerment. <br><br>It's interesting because many years later the whole family knows what I do for a living now and even she has said I am so proud of you. And I said to her, you're part of the reason that I made it, because your non-belief in me actually pushed me just as hard as the people that did believe in me. <br><br>So don't ever let anyone that doesn't believe in you affect your strength, just channel that energy in a very positive way.","
The author lived with her parents after her son was born, but after getting married and having another child, her dad was diagnosed with early signs of dementia. He became mean to her son due to the illness and the author and her husband decided to move out, causing an argument with her parents. The author's dad passed away from a heart attack and she regrets not being able to tell him she loved him.","The narrator was taught to take pride in their work, even if it's something seemingly small like being a holiday cashier. They ended up falling in love with the job and have been doing it for 27 years. Despite their aunt's negativity about their move to Los Angeles, the narrator used it as motivation and eventually succeeded, even gaining their aunt's pride.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,2.5,2.5
370,"(81, 204)","(0.498, 0.519]","Today I went to meet another newborn. With flowers for mom and gift for baby in hand, I made my way through the hospital hallways, recalling the memories of the birth of my own baby, my now two year old and husband walking alongside me. <br><br>In the past few months, the baby fever has overwhelmed me, made me giddy with excitement, and brought me to tears. After a very difficult and traumatic labor and delivery two years back, I never thought I would want another one so soon. But here I was walking in the hallways, past the nursery, the faint echo of brand-new baby cries lingering into my heart. <br><br>It seemed like everyone near and dear to me was either pregnant, or just had a brand new baby, something I long for so bad. But I know, realistically, right now would not be the ideal time for cradles and bibs. That time, I know, is so close, but seemingly so far away. <br><br>There are things that must be done to prepare; the unchecked list runs through my head every single day. My body needs to be 20-30 pounds lighter. We need to figure out a few financial things. I need to get my dentist work done first. I need to read all the books and do all the research. My husband, also with his own worries and fears, needs to be on the same page. <br><br>Somehow my many ""needs"" have put my one major ""want"" on hold, and it's resulted in a sin called envy. I greet another tired mama, stare at another sweet sleeping babe, and hand in hand with my husband, walk out the door. <br><br>We get into the car, and I let out a heavy, longing sigh. My husband, looks me straight in the eyes. ""What?"" I ask. He doesn't speak, just gives me a small smile. We speak to each other without speaking. I smile back as tears fall down my cheeks. <br><br>I close my eyes and the list appears. Check. My heart is content.","I have never really been able to emotionally bond with my kid. Between post-natal depression and all my weird mental health issues, I've struggled to bond with my kid. But tonight we hung out and played Among Us and talked a lot. She's now 15, so she's at a weird point in her life, but she told me everything, about her boyfriend and her friends. <br><br>She confided in me and promised me to tell me when she's having sex or when she wants to try drugs, and I feel happy that she trusts me to tell me these things. It's a weird thing to be happy about, but I am, and it makes me feel like a good mum for once.","The author visits a hospital to meet a newborn and their mother, which brings back memories of their own child's birth. Despite feeling overwhelmed with baby fever, the author knows that now is not the ideal time for another child and there are things that need to be done to prepare. Despite feeling envious of other new mothers, the author's husband reassures them and they both silently communicate their desire for another child.","
The author has had difficulty bonding emotionally with their child due to post-natal depression and mental health issues. However, they finally bonded when they played Among Us and had a conversation with their 15-year-old child about their personal life. The author is happy that their child trusts them enough to confide in them about sensitive topics like sex and drugs.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.5
371,"(82, 113)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me.","My sister and I (she lives in New Brunswick, I live in Newfoundland) talk a lot by text. She's hearing impaired so telephones don't work. We were talking one day about how we sometimes have to avoid the news because it's nothing but sad stories. With our lives being so hectic and stressful, you turn on the TV and there's more stress. <br><br>What we started doing was searching out good news sites, and we collect them all week (stories like medical breakthroughs, someone who got a good windfall, a poor family winning the lotto, anything like that), and on Fridays we send them to each other. It helps to hear good news weekly, not just bad news. <br><br>If you're feeling stressed out, I advise you to avoid the news for a few days, and try to seek out good news sites instead. We don't realize how a daily bombardment of bad news affects us personally.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.","
Two siblings living in different provinces talk often over text due to one's hearing impairment. They both agree that the news is often filled with sad stories and adds to their already hectic and stressful lives. To combat this, they started collecting good news stories throughout the week and sending them to each other on Fridays to balance out the negativity and stress caused by the constant flow of bad news.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,3.0,2.5
372,"(82, 114)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me.","I have been doing housework for about 45 years of my adult life and it has to be the most boring, repetitive, thankless and futile activity that anyone can engage in. I loathe it with a passion and always have and so I have decided to go on permanent strike. I don't like filth so I will keep that under control, but, as for sweeping, dusting, folding, ironing, polishing, vacuuming, scrubbing and all that jazz - I'm out! <br><br>Since I mostly live alone it is my own mess and I couldn't give two hoots about what anyone else thinks about the state of my home anymore. I just want to spend my time doing things I enjoy without the daily interruptions of housework. I am liberating myself from this prison that is largely done for the benefit of what others think. I'm free. Woo hoo! <br><br>Does anyone else feel the same way? If you do, just pack it in. Simple as that. If you live with others who can't take the fact that you no longer clean up after them, let them do it if they're old enough. It's just not fair that this horrendous task should become the default responsibility of one person in a household as it so often does. <br><br>Time to give housework a last goodbye! Don't chew me up. Every family is different. This is just my story and it won't be the same for everyone. I'm just putting it out there because it is where I'm at right now.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.","The author has been doing housework for 45 years and finds it boring, repetitive, and thankless, so they have decided to go on permanent strike. They will still keep the house clean but will no longer do tasks like sweeping, dusting, ironing, and vacuuming. They believe that it is unfair that housework is often the default responsibility of one person and encourage others to do the same if they feel the same way.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,2.5,2.5
373,"(82, 146)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me.","I joined in 2013 right outta high school and left literally 2 days ago. The Army sucked, in fact it sucked a lot. I was initially an 88M but then reclassed to 25Q in 2017 and then did basically nothing. <br><br>I got a lot of stupid stories I can share, but the basic thing is it just feels weird this chapter of my life is over and done with. Also, despite how much it sucked, I don't regret it. I met a ton of awesome people I otherwise wouldn't have, got to go to both Japan and South Korea, and got two degrees - English and Communications - for free. <br><br>My dad tried to talk me into staying for the full 20, but I was just done with it all. I was so tired with it all. On my final final day, I was scheduled for a PT test and decided to take it really just for old times sake and to say goodbye to everyone another time and just chat. <br><br>It was honestly nice to get to say goodbye to everyone again and plus I got a good score on this final PT test that doesn't mean anything lol. I was literally not in the Army anymore on the day I took it which was kinda funny. <br><br>Sad a part is over, but happy as a new chapter in my life is starting. I look forward to what comes next.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.","The author joined the Army in 2013 after high school and reclassed to 25Q in 2017. Despite the Army sucking, the author met awesome people, traveled to Japan and South Korea, and earned two degrees for free. On the author's final day, they took a PT test for old times' sake and to say goodbye to everyone, and is now happy to start a new chapter in life.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
374,"(82, 197)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me."," After years of living in flat shares and with friends, I have finally moved into my own place. And it's a house! I can play music loudly, sing and dance like an idiot and wear as little clothes as I want. <br><br>It took months of working tons of overtime and a weekend job to get a deposit but I've done it and this is amazing. <br><br>I'm going to eat dinner and leave the dirty plate on the side until tomorrow!","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.","
The author has finally moved into their own house after living with friends and in flat shares for years. They are excited about being able to play music loudly, sing, dance, and wear whatever they want. They worked overtime and a weekend job to save enough for the deposit, and they plan to enjoy their newfound freedom by leaving dirty dishes until tomorrow.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,2.5,1.0
375,"(82, 209)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me.","I suffer from major depressive disorder (and about half a dozen other DSM-V diagnoses) and I hesitated for years to get another pet because I was worried I couldn't provide the kind of care and attention they need and deserve. <br><br>Then the pandemic came. With the freedom of being fortunate enough to work from home, I felt like I had a choice to either use my newfound free time to accelerate my self-destruction through isolation and substance abuse (which I absolutely did for the first few months of quarantine) or find a way to actually improve my life -- and that's what I've done my best to work toward for the last year. <br><br>I moved out of my parents' house at an embarrassingly late age and bought one of my own, something I'm incredibly proud of and was very lucky to have been able to do. I got back into therapy and decided to try some new medications with as much patience as I could muster. I started taking a bit better care of myself physically and spending more time around people, especially my handful of good friends. <br><br>Feeling better about myself than I have in a while, I finally ran out of excuses not to go through with the adoption and went to the local humane society. I met a dozen or so dogs but there was only one I felt an immediate connection to and I took her home that day. <br><br>She was nervous at first in her new environment and didn't even want to join me on the couch but, after a couple days of realizing I wouldn't ever leave her, she was already sleeping on my lap. She follows me everywhere and loves to play and cuddle. She had a play date with a friend's dog yesterday and she had so much fun that she's still exhausted. Plus she gets me moving which I desperately needed! <br><br>As a depressed person who also feels like he can give a rescue a happy life, I'm confident it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. I am genuinely happy for the first time in at least a decade when I'm around her and worry constantly when I occasionally can't be. <br><br>I can't wait to travel again now that this viral nightmare has finally began to wind down and I'm so looking forward to taking her with me.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.","The author, who suffers from major depressive disorder, was hesitant to get a pet due to concerns about providing proper care. However, during the pandemic, they decided to make positive changes in their life, including moving out of their parents' house, getting back into therapy, and adopting a dog. The dog has brought them happiness and companionship, and they look forward to traveling with her in the future.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,2.5,3.0
376,"(82, 85)","(0.553, 0.755]","I had been at the same job for almost 7 1/2 years and it has been a great place to work, but felt stuck in a job I just had to go to because I felt it was my only option. I had found extra work in an online platform and it was nice to have extra income in times when I needed it. <br><br>I started to think about my job and how I had to miss out on things with my kids because of work and I decided to just quit. Out of the blue, I just quit my job after 7 1/2 years and decided I was going to support myself and my children by committing to work full time online so I would be a single stay at home mom. <br><br>After I actually did this I felt empowered but by the next day I felt terrified because I had devoted 7 1/2 years to a job I had retired from. I questioned myself and then realized, this chapter was officially over. <br><br>I had taken the kids to school and it was time for me to get online and work. This was almost 3 weeks ago. It has been a struggle so far and I'm learning how to navigate my time when it comes to working online, but it's been rewarding. <br><br>This destination of happiness, while I realized it's a mood and not so much a destination, I have spent much more time feeling it. I've not only been able to take my kids to school, but I've actually been able to watch my 14 year old son's soccer games and haven't missed a baseball practice for my younger son and we've spent more time hiking and going to the dog park. <br><br>I know it won't be easy but I am tired of living on auto pilot. For the first time in as long as I can even remember I'm happy and that's an incredible feeling. <br><br>I hope to find more work online because I need more income soon, but I feel as though things will work out for the best. Sometimes you have to choose yourself and actually live. This was my time and I'm proud to say I chose me."," About two weeks ago, my boyfriend's grandmother passed away. Her critical health condition did not surprise anyone as her health had been declining for months. On top of that she had dementia from mid stage Alzheimer's so she really didn't remember much of anything. <br><br>The day she was admitted to the hospital she collapsed in her room at the nursing home. They rushed her to the hospital. The doctors said that she shattered the bone in her shoulder. They needed to operate on her. However, they knew that she probably wouldn't survive the surgery due to her fragile condition. They told us that she probably wouldn't live much longer. We should expect the worst. They fed her a steady supply of pain medications while we watched unable to do anything. <br><br>My boyfriend, his family, and myself returned home to think about what happened. At four in the morning they called us to inform us that her heartbeat was getting fainter. We should return to the hospital if we wanted to say goodbye. So we all left gathering around her. As we said our goodbyes, she passed away. We all stood around crying. My boyfriend's uncle would be arriving shortly to check up on us. We went home afterwards and sat in silence. <br><br>I found the whole thing depressing. Everyone else seemed to take it better than me. They told me that the person they knew and loved died a long time ago. She would continue to decline due to her dementia. At least she was able to pass before she progressed into late stage Alzheimer's. <br><br>Regardless, it impacted me. My boyfriend hugged me as his mother cooked breakfast.","After feeling stuck in her job for almost 7 1/2 years, a mother decided to quit and commit to working full-time online to become a single stay-at-home mom. Although it has been a struggle to navigate her time, she has been rewarded with being able to spend more time with her children and feeling a sense of happiness she hasn't felt in a long time. She hopes to find more online work and is proud of choosing herself and actually living.","
A woman with mid-stage Alzheimer's and declining health was admitted to the hospital after collapsing in her nursing home. The doctors said she likely wouldn't survive surgery due to her fragile condition, and she was given pain medication as her family watched. She passed away shortly after they were called to say their goodbyes, leaving her loved ones to process the loss.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.0,1.0,2.0
377,"(83, 143)","(0.498, 0.519]","It was three months ago that my dog ended up missing. My husband and I looked everywhere. We walked up and down many streets. Drove to different neighborhoods. But no sign of Peanut. It was horrible and distressing. Our daughter was so sad that, she couldn't even function in school. This affected all of us very deeply. Peanut was our bestfriend of 10 years. <br><br>Then one day our daughter came home and told me that she had seen Peanut in a yard near her school. So we went there, and sure enough it was Peanut. He yelped and jumped up and down, he was so glad to see us. <br><br>We knocked on the door of the mobile home. A man answered the door. The man there said he had dog for years. He told us to leave the property or he was going to call the police I said good, I hope you call them. <br><br>When police arrived, one officer talked to us and the other talked to the man. I showed the officer pictures of Peanut on my phone, the ad I had posted in the lost and found in the local newspaper, and the flyers that I have printed and posted all over town. <br><br>Both the officers talked among themselves. Then they talked to us. They said since the man doesn't have any proof of a vet bill, no pictures, no anything to prove otherwise, they said take your dog home and make sure he can't get loose again. <br><br>I was happy with tears and my daughter was so happy, because the whole time Peanut was so excited to see us, it was obvious, he was our dog.","I'm 28, married to my partner who is 26. We have a year and a half old kid and own a home with a yard. We do activism in our community for lgbtq rights and have been disowned by half our family. <br><br>I went to the local humane society the other day to check out a dog. I brought along my kid to make sure they were compatible and comfortable with each other. The dog I was originally looking at was way too timid and not comfortable so they brought out a different one that fit our household needs, as we also have a cat. It went great! The dog and kid got along. The dog was timid at first but warmed up after like 2 minutes and the kid knows how to approach and pet gently as we've been training with her since she was 6 months. <br><br>They said they couldn't release her just yet and to come back 2 days (today) from now. I wanted to have my partner meet the dog first so it fit well in our schedule anyway. When we got to the shelter the same person was working and took us to a different room. We waited for about 10 minutes until she came back and said there was a problem. <br><br>They had received 2 anonymous calls saying we weren't in the right place to adopt an animal. No name or anything left so they don't know who it was. They apologized profusely and said they couldn't give us the dog, but that there was no other red flags and they didn't get a bad vibe from us. They said they would email their manager to reconsider but they likely won't hear back until tomorrow. <br><br>We've had smear campaigns against us because of our activism, mostly calling us groomers, and I've been afraid they would call cps on us but I never expected them to call the humane society. I'm just totally baffled and deflated. We likely will be able to adopt the dog, but the fact someone would call to prevent it, I can't believe it. <br><br>If we are able to adopt the dog, her name will be Biscuit.","
A couple's dog, Peanut, went missing three months ago, causing distress to the whole family. Their daughter found Peanut in a yard near her school, but the man there claimed to have owned the dog for years. The police were called and, after looking at the evidence provided by the couple, they determined that Peanut was indeed their dog and they were allowed to take him home.","
A couple who have been disowned by half their family due to their activism in the LGBTQ+ community went to the local humane society to adopt a dog. They were told to come back in two days, but when they did, they were informed that two anonymous calls had been made claiming they weren't in the right place to adopt an animal. The couple believes this is due to smear campaigns against them and are baffled and deflated by the situation.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,1.5,3.0,3.0
378,"(84, 209)","(0.553, 0.755]","This has been one of the hardest days of my life. I lost my little friend, Prance. I should start by saying that Prance was a rescue dog. Prance came from a local shelter. Prance was 3 years old when I got him. The day, April 17, that I got Prance was exactly a year to the day that I had lost another dog, Butch. Like Butch, Prance was a Schnauzer. <br><br>I woke up that morning and just had a strong desire to go to the animal shelter. And there was Prance. From the first moment, we bonded, and he was like my little grey shadow. April 17th 2019, I treated the day like it was Prance's birthday, since his actual birth date was unknown. He had turned 12. <br><br>Prance had always been a very picky eater and he had started refusing his food. On the 4th day of not eating, I took Prance to the vet. Prance had pancreatitis and had to be hospitalized. When Prance came home, he was refusing to eat again. Prance began to get very weak and had difficulty standing up. He was now at a point where he could not walk at all. <br><br>Prance was laying next to me, as he always was, while I watched TV. Prance suddenly reached out his paw to me 3 times, like he would do when he wanted to get some attention. I picked Prance up and held him. Prance began to tremble and shake. He took a couple of deep breathes and went limp in my arms. <br><br>I feel like Prance reached out to me to say goodbye, and I am happy that I was there for him in his last moment of life.","I suffer from major depressive disorder (and about half a dozen other DSM-V diagnoses) and I hesitated for years to get another pet because I was worried I couldn't provide the kind of care and attention they need and deserve. <br><br>Then the pandemic came. With the freedom of being fortunate enough to work from home, I felt like I had a choice to either use my newfound free time to accelerate my self-destruction through isolation and substance abuse (which I absolutely did for the first few months of quarantine) or find a way to actually improve my life -- and that's what I've done my best to work toward for the last year. <br><br>I moved out of my parents' house at an embarrassingly late age and bought one of my own, something I'm incredibly proud of and was very lucky to have been able to do. I got back into therapy and decided to try some new medications with as much patience as I could muster. I started taking a bit better care of myself physically and spending more time around people, especially my handful of good friends. <br><br>Feeling better about myself than I have in a while, I finally ran out of excuses not to go through with the adoption and went to the local humane society. I met a dozen or so dogs but there was only one I felt an immediate connection to and I took her home that day. <br><br>She was nervous at first in her new environment and didn't even want to join me on the couch but, after a couple days of realizing I wouldn't ever leave her, she was already sleeping on my lap. She follows me everywhere and loves to play and cuddle. She had a play date with a friend's dog yesterday and she had so much fun that she's still exhausted. Plus she gets me moving which I desperately needed! <br><br>As a depressed person who also feels like he can give a rescue a happy life, I'm confident it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. I am genuinely happy for the first time in at least a decade when I'm around her and worry constantly when I occasionally can't be. <br><br>I can't wait to travel again now that this viral nightmare has finally began to wind down and I'm so looking forward to taking her with me.","
A person lost their rescue dog named Prance, who was like their little shadow. Prance had been refusing to eat and was diagnosed with pancreatitis, eventually becoming too weak to walk. In Prance's last moment of life, he reached out to the person three times before passing away in their arms.","The author, who suffers from major depressive disorder, was hesitant to get a pet due to concerns about providing proper care. However, during the pandemic, they decided to make positive changes in their life, including moving out of their parents' house, getting back into therapy, and adopting a dog. The dog has brought them happiness and companionship, and they look forward to traveling with her in the future.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,2.5,2.5
379,"(84, 99)","(0.553, 0.755]","This has been one of the hardest days of my life. I lost my little friend, Prance. I should start by saying that Prance was a rescue dog. Prance came from a local shelter. Prance was 3 years old when I got him. The day, April 17, that I got Prance was exactly a year to the day that I had lost another dog, Butch. Like Butch, Prance was a Schnauzer. <br><br>I woke up that morning and just had a strong desire to go to the animal shelter. And there was Prance. From the first moment, we bonded, and he was like my little grey shadow. April 17th 2019, I treated the day like it was Prance's birthday, since his actual birth date was unknown. He had turned 12. <br><br>Prance had always been a very picky eater and he had started refusing his food. On the 4th day of not eating, I took Prance to the vet. Prance had pancreatitis and had to be hospitalized. When Prance came home, he was refusing to eat again. Prance began to get very weak and had difficulty standing up. He was now at a point where he could not walk at all. <br><br>Prance was laying next to me, as he always was, while I watched TV. Prance suddenly reached out his paw to me 3 times, like he would do when he wanted to get some attention. I picked Prance up and held him. Prance began to tremble and shake. He took a couple of deep breathes and went limp in my arms. <br><br>I feel like Prance reached out to me to say goodbye, and I am happy that I was there for him in his last moment of life."," About two weeks ago I adopted a new cat. I go to a local pet store once a week or once every two weeks to buy supplies for my animals. I often take my husband to the pet store with me so that he can carry the heavier items that I purchase. <br><br>At the back of the pet store there is a small room that has a big window so people can see in. Inside the room are several cages where cats are kept that are available for adoption. Several months ago, my husband noticed an orange cat with the name Ivan in one of the cages and he seemed to really like him. <br><br>Week after week I would go to the pet store and pass by this room. I could not help but notice that while many of the other cages were filled with different cats each week, Ivan never moved. He just sat in his small cage waiting to be adopted. The store lowered his adoption fee several times but, still no one wanted Ivan. It made me very sad to see him sitting there so, on the next trip to the pet store, I took my husband again. <br><br>I showed him that Ivan was still there and asked an employee to let him meet the lonely cat. It was instant love. Ivan almost jumped into my husbands arms and purred. It was like he knew they were going to be together. I signed some paperwork and bought a few new toys while they got acquainted. <br><br>My husbands eyes lit up when I came back with a box to take Ivan home in. When we got home, Ivan seemed comfortable like he had always been there.","
A person lost their rescue dog named Prance, who was like their little shadow. Prance had been refusing to eat and was diagnosed with pancreatitis, eventually becoming too weak to walk. In Prance's last moment of life, he reached out to the person three times before passing away in their arms.","
The author frequently visits a pet store with her husband to buy supplies for their animals. In the back of the store, there is a room with several cages of cats available for adoption. One cat named Ivan had been there for months without being adopted until the author's husband fell in love with him and they took him home.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,1.0,2.5
380,"(85, 126)","(0.553, 0.755]"," About two weeks ago, my boyfriend's grandmother passed away. Her critical health condition did not surprise anyone as her health had been declining for months. On top of that she had dementia from mid stage Alzheimer's so she really didn't remember much of anything. <br><br>The day she was admitted to the hospital she collapsed in her room at the nursing home. They rushed her to the hospital. The doctors said that she shattered the bone in her shoulder. They needed to operate on her. However, they knew that she probably wouldn't survive the surgery due to her fragile condition. They told us that she probably wouldn't live much longer. We should expect the worst. They fed her a steady supply of pain medications while we watched unable to do anything. <br><br>My boyfriend, his family, and myself returned home to think about what happened. At four in the morning they called us to inform us that her heartbeat was getting fainter. We should return to the hospital if we wanted to say goodbye. So we all left gathering around her. As we said our goodbyes, she passed away. We all stood around crying. My boyfriend's uncle would be arriving shortly to check up on us. We went home afterwards and sat in silence. <br><br>I found the whole thing depressing. Everyone else seemed to take it better than me. They told me that the person they knew and loved died a long time ago. She would continue to decline due to her dementia. At least she was able to pass before she progressed into late stage Alzheimer's. <br><br>Regardless, it impacted me. My boyfriend hugged me as his mother cooked breakfast.","My dad was the kind of person whose only 2 goals in life were to have fun and to make others have fun. But now he's been gone for almost 5 years and everyone's still in the 'let's be sad and only gather together to cry about his tragically short life' phase. <br><br>Whenever I try to make jokes, even to people who weren't even affected by his death, usually all I get is awkward smiles and worried looks, some even go as far as saying it was inappropriate. And there are the ones who laugh but say 'oh my god, I shouldn't laugh at this'. <br><br>I know that if he was able to do so, he'd be the one making these jokes about his death. He wouldn't want to see us being sad, because of him, of all people. While he was alive, he was the one who would've moved mountains if that was what we needed to make us smile. Why do they think this changed in his death? <br><br>And even if he was the sourest, most serious and least fun person in the world, I should be allowed to grieve him how I want to. Grief shouldn't be about the deceased person but about the ones they left behind.","
A woman with mid-stage Alzheimer's and declining health was admitted to the hospital after collapsing in her nursing home. The doctors said she likely wouldn't survive surgery due to her fragile condition, and she was given pain medication as her family watched. She passed away shortly after they were called to say their goodbyes, leaving her loved ones to process the loss.","
The author's father was a fun-loving person who passed away five years ago, but everyone is still in mourning. The author tries to make jokes about his dad's death, but people find it inappropriate. The author believes that their father would have made jokes too, and that grief should be about how the living cope with the loss.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,3.0,2.0,3.0
381,"(85, 172)","(0.553, 0.755]"," About two weeks ago, my boyfriend's grandmother passed away. Her critical health condition did not surprise anyone as her health had been declining for months. On top of that she had dementia from mid stage Alzheimer's so she really didn't remember much of anything. <br><br>The day she was admitted to the hospital she collapsed in her room at the nursing home. They rushed her to the hospital. The doctors said that she shattered the bone in her shoulder. They needed to operate on her. However, they knew that she probably wouldn't survive the surgery due to her fragile condition. They told us that she probably wouldn't live much longer. We should expect the worst. They fed her a steady supply of pain medications while we watched unable to do anything. <br><br>My boyfriend, his family, and myself returned home to think about what happened. At four in the morning they called us to inform us that her heartbeat was getting fainter. We should return to the hospital if we wanted to say goodbye. So we all left gathering around her. As we said our goodbyes, she passed away. We all stood around crying. My boyfriend's uncle would be arriving shortly to check up on us. We went home afterwards and sat in silence. <br><br>I found the whole thing depressing. Everyone else seemed to take it better than me. They told me that the person they knew and loved died a long time ago. She would continue to decline due to her dementia. At least she was able to pass before she progressed into late stage Alzheimer's. <br><br>Regardless, it impacted me. My boyfriend hugged me as his mother cooked breakfast."," Battling a debt-ridden business through COVID, a recent divorce (I left my abuser) and spending endless spare times in and out of the hospital with my child, no sleep, no days off, I've felt like I've been through a lot with no help. <br><br>I went on one of those dating apps and found a girl that I got along well with. At her house we sat all night drinking during a weeknight, singing, dancing like idiots. We calmed down and just embraced each other. <br><br>She didn't know my story and softly says to me, you look tired. She knew my struggles without even knowing. She could see past the laughs and jokes and massaged my head while I just sat there with my eyes closed. <br><br>She opened up to me about her problems that she couldn't tell anyone else in the world and I shared mine with her. It's crazy how transparent we are with complete strangers. <br><br>I'll never forget those words she said, because I could tell she was genuinely worried for me. I don't know why but it's stuck with me ever since.","
A woman with mid-stage Alzheimer's and declining health was admitted to the hospital after collapsing in her nursing home. The doctors said she likely wouldn't survive surgery due to her fragile condition, and she was given pain medication as her family watched. She passed away shortly after they were called to say their goodbyes, leaving her loved ones to process the loss.","
A person, struggling with debt, a recent divorce, and a sick child, found solace in a girl they met on a dating app. During a night of drinking and dancing, the girl noticed the person looked tired, and offered to give them a massage. They opened up to each other, sharing their problems, and found comfort in each other's company. The person was touched by the girl's genuine concern for them and will never forget her kindness.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.5,2.5
382,"(85, 87)","(0.519, 0.553]"," About two weeks ago, my boyfriend's grandmother passed away. Her critical health condition did not surprise anyone as her health had been declining for months. On top of that she had dementia from mid stage Alzheimer's so she really didn't remember much of anything. <br><br>The day she was admitted to the hospital she collapsed in her room at the nursing home. They rushed her to the hospital. The doctors said that she shattered the bone in her shoulder. They needed to operate on her. However, they knew that she probably wouldn't survive the surgery due to her fragile condition. They told us that she probably wouldn't live much longer. We should expect the worst. They fed her a steady supply of pain medications while we watched unable to do anything. <br><br>My boyfriend, his family, and myself returned home to think about what happened. At four in the morning they called us to inform us that her heartbeat was getting fainter. We should return to the hospital if we wanted to say goodbye. So we all left gathering around her. As we said our goodbyes, she passed away. We all stood around crying. My boyfriend's uncle would be arriving shortly to check up on us. We went home afterwards and sat in silence. <br><br>I found the whole thing depressing. Everyone else seemed to take it better than me. They told me that the person they knew and loved died a long time ago. She would continue to decline due to her dementia. At least she was able to pass before she progressed into late stage Alzheimer's. <br><br>Regardless, it impacted me. My boyfriend hugged me as his mother cooked breakfast.","Today I would like to write about deciding to quit my job. It was a decision I debated and sat on for a while to be honest. I had been thinking about it so much and had been waiting for the right sign and when I finally got it, I just kind of acted on impulse. I went home that night and decided to just never return. <br><br>Now, yes, I hated my job, but like everyone else in America I was there because I kind of needed it. But what was the value in that? What was I worth to myself? Willingly signing up to deal with bullshit and be stressed out every single day was affecting who exactly the most? And to make matters worse, I found out they were stealing money from me after I was practically their best employee. So yeah, I had to quit. It was pretty much the only choice I was left with. <br><br>Things have not always been the best since I have quit either. Please do not get me wrong. I often wonder if doing that was the smartest possible choice I could make. But I can always find solace in the fact that I take care of myself first. And knowing that is all I need to sleep like a baby at night.","
A woman with mid-stage Alzheimer's and declining health was admitted to the hospital after collapsing in her nursing home. The doctors said she likely wouldn't survive surgery due to her fragile condition, and she was given pain medication as her family watched. She passed away shortly after they were called to say their goodbyes, leaving her loved ones to process the loss.","
The author quit their job impulsively after contemplating the decision for a while. They hated the job and realized their worth to themselves was more important than dealing with daily stress and nonsense. Although things haven't been perfect since quitting, the author takes comfort in prioritizing their own well-being.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,2.0,2.0
383,"(86, 166)","(0.519, 0.553]","It seems that cousin Deena is now a full-fledged member of an actual cult. I NEVER would have seen this coming when I was just an innocent kid who used to go Down South each summer and stay with her over other nearby relatives because she was so kind to me. <br><br>Although it's been decades, I remember her taking me to the movies, amusement parks and our annual family reunion barbecue. This was before her child was born, so it was just me and her for the most part when we weren't out and about. Those were the days -- miss 'em indeed. <br><br>Now her child is grown and she looks like an anorexic, bug-eyed, stressed-out version of her old dour, well-fed self. She has literally lost dozens of pounds and is so skinny, the entire family is afraid severe weight loss will end her before any other medical problem can. <br><br>I first found out about the cult she joined from relatives who, unlike me, talk to her fairly regularly. We went to see her in person this summer because of increasing concerns about her state of mind, and were we in for a shock. Her formerly well-kept home, which she has owned for years, was a complete mess, like a hurricane flew through it several times over. <br><br>SHE was a complete mess, too. It was so sad to see her but not recognize the random ramblings about her new group of ""friends."" Unfortunately, we did not get to meet any of them, so there were no confrontations with the people dragging her down. <br><br>Our only hope is that eventually we will be able to stage a successful intervention to help her reclaim her life. I hope and wish with all my heart that we will not be too late.","My mom died 10 years ago. October 1st, 2012. And I didn't even remember the anniversary. <br><br>I was really young when she died of breast cancer. My step mom has been in my life for longer than my bio mom was. I call my step mom mom. When people ask about my parents, she's mom. I only ever mention bio mom when I need to. <br><br>It doesn't feel like she was even real. I was so young. I've basically forgotten her. People tell me all these things about her, and it feels like I'm hearing about a stranger. I just smile and nod because what else can i do? <br><br>People always tell me they're sorry for my loss, but I feel like they shouldn't be. It doesnt feel like my loss. It almost feels like I'm in a video game and her death took place before the events of the game. <br><br>I know it happened, but I barely remember anything. Does that make me a bad child? She gave so much for me, wanted to be with me until the very end, and I can barely remember any of it. <br><br>I feel like a terrible person for forgetting the anniversary, for forgetting her.","
The narrator's cousin Deena has joined a cult, which came as a surprise since the narrator remembers her as a kind person from their childhood. Deena has lost a significant amount of weight and her appearance has changed. The family is concerned for her well-being and hopes to stage an intervention before it's too late.","
The author's mother died of breast cancer 10 years ago on October 1st, but they didn't remember the anniversary. They were very young when their mother died, and their stepmom has been in their life longer. They feel like they've forgotten their mother and it doesn't feel like their loss, but they also feel guilty for forgetting her.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0
384,"(86, 88)","(0.553, 0.755]","It seems that cousin Deena is now a full-fledged member of an actual cult. I NEVER would have seen this coming when I was just an innocent kid who used to go Down South each summer and stay with her over other nearby relatives because she was so kind to me. <br><br>Although it's been decades, I remember her taking me to the movies, amusement parks and our annual family reunion barbecue. This was before her child was born, so it was just me and her for the most part when we weren't out and about. Those were the days -- miss 'em indeed. <br><br>Now her child is grown and she looks like an anorexic, bug-eyed, stressed-out version of her old dour, well-fed self. She has literally lost dozens of pounds and is so skinny, the entire family is afraid severe weight loss will end her before any other medical problem can. <br><br>I first found out about the cult she joined from relatives who, unlike me, talk to her fairly regularly. We went to see her in person this summer because of increasing concerns about her state of mind, and were we in for a shock. Her formerly well-kept home, which she has owned for years, was a complete mess, like a hurricane flew through it several times over. <br><br>SHE was a complete mess, too. It was so sad to see her but not recognize the random ramblings about her new group of ""friends."" Unfortunately, we did not get to meet any of them, so there were no confrontations with the people dragging her down. <br><br>Our only hope is that eventually we will be able to stage a successful intervention to help her reclaim her life. I hope and wish with all my heart that we will not be too late.","This has been an extremely exhausting last few months, emotionally. My mother, who has always suffered with anxiety and depression, was admitted into a psychiatric ward in May after a particularly difficult bout of depression. We found out she was not taking her medicine. She had entered into a psychotic state and it ended up taking 5 weeks before she could be released. She changed hospitals twice. <br><br>I do not live where my mother does so I had to take time off work and spend a lot of time traveling. It was unbelievably exhausting. I did, however, develop a lot of friendships with her caretakers. <br><br>In the end she made huge progress, thankfully. However we are all concerned the issue will return. She is home now and doing ok but she may never be the same. Now she is doing group therapy weekly. Additionally she is back on meds that should work. <br><br>I am back to work now and do not visit as much. I used to feel guilty but at this point I am beyond tired.","
The narrator's cousin Deena has joined a cult, which came as a surprise since the narrator remembers her as a kind person from their childhood. Deena has lost a significant amount of weight and her appearance has changed. The family is concerned for her well-being and hopes to stage an intervention before it's too late.","
The author's mother was admitted to a psychiatric ward due to anxiety and depression and not taking her medication. After five weeks and changing hospitals twice, she was released and is now doing group therapy and back on medication. The author had to take time off work and travel to be with their mother, but is now back to work and feeling exhausted.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.5,3.0
385,"(87, 129)","(0.451, 0.465]","Today I would like to write about deciding to quit my job. It was a decision I debated and sat on for a while to be honest. I had been thinking about it so much and had been waiting for the right sign and when I finally got it, I just kind of acted on impulse. I went home that night and decided to just never return. <br><br>Now, yes, I hated my job, but like everyone else in America I was there because I kind of needed it. But what was the value in that? What was I worth to myself? Willingly signing up to deal with bullshit and be stressed out every single day was affecting who exactly the most? And to make matters worse, I found out they were stealing money from me after I was practically their best employee. So yeah, I had to quit. It was pretty much the only choice I was left with. <br><br>Things have not always been the best since I have quit either. Please do not get me wrong. I often wonder if doing that was the smartest possible choice I could make. But I can always find solace in the fact that I take care of myself first. And knowing that is all I need to sleep like a baby at night.","Today an Instagram scammer pretending to be someone else decided to target me. They were obviously a scammer, but I was bored and decided I wanted to have a chat with the scammer so I pretended to fall for it and entered a video call with them. I was fully aware that they were going to record it, but I was curious to see what they would threaten to do with it. <br><br>When they revealed themselves they decided to threaten to show it to everyone I follow (Which is fine by mean since I doubt any of them would care all too much, and maybe even find it funny), unless I gave them 7000. I told them I only had 200, expecting them to negotiate, but apparently they are stupid enough to expect someone to even consider paying the initial amount. <br><br>After that, I proceded to give them tips on how to scam more convincingly, and then said I'd pay them 100 for photos of them. During this, he got increasingly angry and kept screaming until he left without making more attempts to get money. <br><br>Overall it was pretty funny and seemed mostly risk-free, I have no idea if they followed up on the threats yet though.","
The author quit their job impulsively after contemplating the decision for a while. They hated the job and realized their worth to themselves was more important than dealing with daily stress and nonsense. Although things haven't been perfect since quitting, the author takes comfort in prioritizing their own well-being.","
The author was targeted by an Instagram scammer and decided to engage in a video call with them. The scammer threatened to show the video to everyone the author follows unless they paid them $7,000, but the author only had $200 to offer. The author gave tips on how to scam better and offered to pay $100 for photos of the scammer, causing them to leave in anger.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.0,1.0,1.0
386,"(87, 146)","(0.553, 0.755]","Today I would like to write about deciding to quit my job. It was a decision I debated and sat on for a while to be honest. I had been thinking about it so much and had been waiting for the right sign and when I finally got it, I just kind of acted on impulse. I went home that night and decided to just never return. <br><br>Now, yes, I hated my job, but like everyone else in America I was there because I kind of needed it. But what was the value in that? What was I worth to myself? Willingly signing up to deal with bullshit and be stressed out every single day was affecting who exactly the most? And to make matters worse, I found out they were stealing money from me after I was practically their best employee. So yeah, I had to quit. It was pretty much the only choice I was left with. <br><br>Things have not always been the best since I have quit either. Please do not get me wrong. I often wonder if doing that was the smartest possible choice I could make. But I can always find solace in the fact that I take care of myself first. And knowing that is all I need to sleep like a baby at night.","I joined in 2013 right outta high school and left literally 2 days ago. The Army sucked, in fact it sucked a lot. I was initially an 88M but then reclassed to 25Q in 2017 and then did basically nothing. <br><br>I got a lot of stupid stories I can share, but the basic thing is it just feels weird this chapter of my life is over and done with. Also, despite how much it sucked, I don't regret it. I met a ton of awesome people I otherwise wouldn't have, got to go to both Japan and South Korea, and got two degrees - English and Communications - for free. <br><br>My dad tried to talk me into staying for the full 20, but I was just done with it all. I was so tired with it all. On my final final day, I was scheduled for a PT test and decided to take it really just for old times sake and to say goodbye to everyone another time and just chat. <br><br>It was honestly nice to get to say goodbye to everyone again and plus I got a good score on this final PT test that doesn't mean anything lol. I was literally not in the Army anymore on the day I took it which was kinda funny. <br><br>Sad a part is over, but happy as a new chapter in my life is starting. I look forward to what comes next.","
The author quit their job impulsively after contemplating the decision for a while. They hated the job and realized their worth to themselves was more important than dealing with daily stress and nonsense. Although things haven't been perfect since quitting, the author takes comfort in prioritizing their own well-being.","The author joined the Army in 2013 after high school and reclassed to 25Q in 2017. Despite the Army sucking, the author met awesome people, traveled to Japan and South Korea, and earned two degrees for free. On the author's final day, they took a PT test for old times' sake and to say goodbye to everyone, and is now happy to start a new chapter in life.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
387,"(88, 171)","(0.553, 0.755]","This has been an extremely exhausting last few months, emotionally. My mother, who has always suffered with anxiety and depression, was admitted into a psychiatric ward in May after a particularly difficult bout of depression. We found out she was not taking her medicine. She had entered into a psychotic state and it ended up taking 5 weeks before she could be released. She changed hospitals twice. <br><br>I do not live where my mother does so I had to take time off work and spend a lot of time traveling. It was unbelievably exhausting. I did, however, develop a lot of friendships with her caretakers. <br><br>In the end she made huge progress, thankfully. However we are all concerned the issue will return. She is home now and doing ok but she may never be the same. Now she is doing group therapy weekly. Additionally she is back on meds that should work. <br><br>I am back to work now and do not visit as much. I used to feel guilty but at this point I am beyond tired.","I went out to dinner today with my mum, my brother and his wife. My mum mentioned how grandma nearly died yesterday. Grandma lives in China and she has dementia. She was missing yesterday night and they found her wedged between a harbour and a ship. All wet, cold and injured. My mum was clearly upset but was staying strong. She said how grandma is growing old and that she doesnt remember things anymore. <br><br>At this moment, my brother was like she repeated it 4 times already. I was annoyed when he said that because of his lack of empathy. Afterwards, when my mum is finally done talking about grandma, my brother said to me and his wife in English. They should just euthanise grandma since she's so old and that she doesn't even remember who she is. I was really annoyed when he said that because of the timing. This event is still so raw. My mum is upset and I'm upset about it. <br><br>Anyways, afterwards, my mum then asked me what happened (she doesn't understand English). I told her oh my brother said to euthanise grandma. My mum got angry at my brother. My brother then started telling me off for telling my mother about. I then argued with my brother about how he's saying this stuff to get a reaction and to have your opinion rather than actually caring about mum. <br><br>My brother has always been like that. If we watch a documentary of kids starving, he'll say something like ""Well, I don't care about them because it's not me"". If we were watching something about how animals are getting killed for their skin, he'll say stuff like ""mass extinction happens all the time!"". Like he say these stuff to be witty. Anyways, he then started arguing with my mum about how he's right, saying stuff like you're stupid and stuff. My mum said grandma still wants to live. They're still arguing. <br><br>What I'm mad about is the fact that my brother clearly wants to be right rather than actually caring about his family like he claims he is.","
The author's mother was admitted to a psychiatric ward due to anxiety and depression and not taking her medication. After five weeks and changing hospitals twice, she was released and is now doing group therapy and back on medication. The author had to take time off work and travel to be with their mother, but is now back to work and feeling exhausted.","
The narrator went out to dinner with their family and their mum mentioned that their grandma, who lives in China and has dementia, nearly died the day before after being found injured and wet. The narrator's brother showed a lack of empathy and suggested euthanizing their grandma. The narrator argued with their brother about his lack of care for their family and his desire to be right.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,3.0,3.5,3.0
388,"(89, 180)","(0.553, 0.755]","Today was a very good Sunday. I was invited to lead the music at a joint church service at a church I've never been to before. A church in a city a bit far off, they asked if I could lead their music. I was floored by the invitation. The pastor of that asked for me specifically. He had visited my church a couple of times before and saw how we run our music for our liturgy. <br><br>As the leader of my church's music, I only expected to lead music for my church. I never really had thoughts of leading other churches in the near future. Then a couple weeks before this day, my pastor told me that the pastor of another church we will be joining services with asked me to lead their music for our joint service. I was initially in shock, but jumped at the chance to serve where I was able. <br><br>After I finished leading music at the church, I felt great and more sure of my abilities. The church members were very thankful for my services and enjoyed the all a'cappella approach I institute at my own church. They told me how they enjoyed just hearing voices to sing hymns and how much more participation the congregation there was than before. <br><br>I am very grateful for the opportunity I was given and how blessed myself and others were in the service I was able to give. I hope I get opportunities like this again, but to remember that it is all for the glory of God and not myself.","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","The author was invited to lead the music at a joint church service in a city far away. The pastor of that church asked for the author specifically after seeing how they run music at their own church. After leading the music, the author felt great and was grateful for the opportunity to serve.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,2.5,2.5
389,"(9, 175)","(0.553, 0.755]","After I changed my mindset of ""College is crushing my spirits, hopes, goals, dreams, etc"" to one of ""okay, I'm here for a reason. I'm going to do my best and everything will just fall into place"", life here has become so much easier. <br><br>Positivity is such a strong force. ","I'm a 1st yaer college student now and it's been weeks since the classes started. I'm anxious because my classmates seem to know a LOT more than what I expected. I have ZERO friends (I tried to socialize but the vibe isn't there). <br><br>It gets so lonely at lunch, I don't know how it'll pan out for me for the next 3 years of college. I can't even cry because I feel so ungrateful for the equipments and support my parents are giving me, I often feel like this is not my life to live in. Like, someone out there deserves this life more than me. <br><br>I guess I hate myself somehow for not excelling in academics. I need someone but I don't know who I need.","
The author changed their negative mindset about college to a positive one. They realized that they were there for a reason and decided to do their best. This change in mindset made their life at college easier.","
The college student is struggling with anxiety and loneliness as they feel their classmates are more knowledgeable than expected and they have not made any friends. They feel guilty for feeling this way as their parents are supportive and they have good equipment. The student hates themselves for not doing better academically and wishes for someone to help them.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.5,2.5,2.0
390,"(90, 104)","(0.553, 0.755]","On July 9, 2019 I moving in with my Celia. This is kinda weird, because this is the first time I have ever moved in with a partner. I have had partners where we would spend 10 straight nights together, but we never reached the point where we had a dresser or permanent spot for clothes/ accessories. Walking through the door was such a rush of excitement and washing away of nerves to see the place I will be living in finally. <br><br>It is crazy to be moving all the way across the country to chase down a relationship, but this is a crazy amazing opportunity. I'm so grateful that I decided to go off and take this risk as well as my parents supporting it. Their contribution to make this happen really makes it all possible. The sadness of really having my friends and family so far gone, is at least now not present, because of my focus on the now. <br><br>It's so reassuring to see Celia's perkiness and hear the positivity in her voice. It is such a reaffirmation of the decision to watch her show me her place that she has shown me so much before but only through her phone. It is midday and it is hot up here. That doesn't get in the way of just pressing her body so tightly to the side of mine as she talks about each room. The heat is like melting us together and I feel that close to her. Just energy of joy is bounding through my body. <br><br>Each part of the tour is revealing a part of my future, however long or short it is. As the day goes on, I still feel like a guest in the house, but that feeling is slowly riding away. Celia prepared a wonderful salad for us for dinner, which is just not her thing. It was great though, because it was her way of going out of her way to make this a great first day. Washing the dishes with her really made me feel closer and more part of the homeness that I hope to settle into. <br><br>Finding a good groove to sit in felt like I was making a long term investment. While she laid under my arm it placed over her like a puzzle piece fitting in. It feels like the right decision and that this is going to be a positive experience no matter how it ends.",This has been some year for me. When I was a teenager I dreamed of my own family one day. The same dream I've had most of my life. But now that dream has died. <br><br>I have never been someone woman desire or like. I thought I could overcome that obstacle and have my dream family one day. But it all came crashing down this year. I waited too long and gave too little effort to my dream. <br><br>Now my health is slowly worsening and no one wants to be with me. It hurts so much when I think of all the years wasted instead of following my dream. When I look at the rest of my life. I will spend the rest of my days regretting my choices and the chances not taken. <br><br>It's hard to believe but my life is a sad country song. All I can do now is get through each day. Try to make what time I have left have some meaning.,"The author has moved in with their partner, Celia, for the first time. Despite the distance from their friends and family, they feel grateful for the opportunity and reassured by Celia's positivity. The day is spent touring the house and settling in, with the author feeling closer to Celia and hopeful for a positive experience.","A woman's lifelong dream of having a family has died as she was never desired by anyone. She waited too long and gave too little effort to her dream, and now her health is worsening. She regrets her choices and the chances not taken, but she hopes to make the most of the time she has left.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.0,3.0,4.0
391,"(90, 194)","(0.519, 0.553]","On July 9, 2019 I moving in with my Celia. This is kinda weird, because this is the first time I have ever moved in with a partner. I have had partners where we would spend 10 straight nights together, but we never reached the point where we had a dresser or permanent spot for clothes/ accessories. Walking through the door was such a rush of excitement and washing away of nerves to see the place I will be living in finally. <br><br>It is crazy to be moving all the way across the country to chase down a relationship, but this is a crazy amazing opportunity. I'm so grateful that I decided to go off and take this risk as well as my parents supporting it. Their contribution to make this happen really makes it all possible. The sadness of really having my friends and family so far gone, is at least now not present, because of my focus on the now. <br><br>It's so reassuring to see Celia's perkiness and hear the positivity in her voice. It is such a reaffirmation of the decision to watch her show me her place that she has shown me so much before but only through her phone. It is midday and it is hot up here. That doesn't get in the way of just pressing her body so tightly to the side of mine as she talks about each room. The heat is like melting us together and I feel that close to her. Just energy of joy is bounding through my body. <br><br>Each part of the tour is revealing a part of my future, however long or short it is. As the day goes on, I still feel like a guest in the house, but that feeling is slowly riding away. Celia prepared a wonderful salad for us for dinner, which is just not her thing. It was great though, because it was her way of going out of her way to make this a great first day. Washing the dishes with her really made me feel closer and more part of the homeness that I hope to settle into. <br><br>Finding a good groove to sit in felt like I was making a long term investment. While she laid under my arm it placed over her like a puzzle piece fitting in. It feels like the right decision and that this is going to be a positive experience no matter how it ends.","I socialized with one of the most extroverted, sociable, boisterous guys in our school and I am the opposite of him. I'm reserved, inquisitive, and hot-headed. I was astonished how he is an introspective guy which I did not expect. He has helped me with a lot of things in just one and also helped me in promoting my channel. <br><br>We have the same taste in terms of memes and he even helped me with interacting with his friends who were pretty cool and sweet. All this was completely unexpected for me as I never saw it coming and I was determined that I would go out of comfort zone socially and I succeeded and I'm very proud of it.","The author has moved in with their partner, Celia, for the first time. Despite the distance from their friends and family, they feel grateful for the opportunity and reassured by Celia's positivity. The day is spent touring the house and settling in, with the author feeling closer to Celia and hopeful for a positive experience.","
The writer socialized with a very outgoing person who was their opposite. They were surprised to find out that he was introspective and he helped them with various things including promoting their channel. They bonded over their shared love for memes and the experience made the writer step out of their social comfort zone.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,2.5,2.5
392,"(90, 206)","(0.553, 0.755]","On July 9, 2019 I moving in with my Celia. This is kinda weird, because this is the first time I have ever moved in with a partner. I have had partners where we would spend 10 straight nights together, but we never reached the point where we had a dresser or permanent spot for clothes/ accessories. Walking through the door was such a rush of excitement and washing away of nerves to see the place I will be living in finally. <br><br>It is crazy to be moving all the way across the country to chase down a relationship, but this is a crazy amazing opportunity. I'm so grateful that I decided to go off and take this risk as well as my parents supporting it. Their contribution to make this happen really makes it all possible. The sadness of really having my friends and family so far gone, is at least now not present, because of my focus on the now. <br><br>It's so reassuring to see Celia's perkiness and hear the positivity in her voice. It is such a reaffirmation of the decision to watch her show me her place that she has shown me so much before but only through her phone. It is midday and it is hot up here. That doesn't get in the way of just pressing her body so tightly to the side of mine as she talks about each room. The heat is like melting us together and I feel that close to her. Just energy of joy is bounding through my body. <br><br>Each part of the tour is revealing a part of my future, however long or short it is. As the day goes on, I still feel like a guest in the house, but that feeling is slowly riding away. Celia prepared a wonderful salad for us for dinner, which is just not her thing. It was great though, because it was her way of going out of her way to make this a great first day. Washing the dishes with her really made me feel closer and more part of the homeness that I hope to settle into. <br><br>Finding a good groove to sit in felt like I was making a long term investment. While she laid under my arm it placed over her like a puzzle piece fitting in. It feels like the right decision and that this is going to be a positive experience no matter how it ends.","I just talked to my friend. He's someone I had a crush on for years way back from high school. We started talking again lately after about 3 years of not talking and it's been great. <br><br>He has always been one with a great mind and lots of insight on life - part of the reason why I loved him back then. <br><br>He said he has no problem observing people and understanding them, but he has difficulty looking back into himself, and I was a mirror that helped him do that. He appreciated it a lot. <br><br>And I was over the moon when he said that. He's probably the only one I can hold a conversation through text with for hours.","The author has moved in with their partner, Celia, for the first time. Despite the distance from their friends and family, they feel grateful for the opportunity and reassured by Celia's positivity. The day is spent touring the house and settling in, with the author feeling closer to Celia and hopeful for a positive experience.","
The author reconnected with a former crush from high school after not talking for three years. The crush has a great mind and insight on life, but struggles with self-reflection. The author feels overjoyed that they can hold a conversation with them for hours.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.0,2.0,2.5,2.0
393,"(91, 215)","(0.553, 0.755]","I got up early that morning and took a shower then got dressed. I proceeded to go into the kitchen made my lunch then fed my cats and off I went to the office. Traffic was very bad that morning stop and go. As I sat in traffic I got so sleepy I could hardly keep my eyes open. The longer I stayed in traffic the worse I felt,, I couldn't keep my eyes open. <br><br>I finally got a block from my office and came to a stop light and don't remember going through the red light and hitting another car. After I hit the car of course my air bag went off and knocked the air out of me leaving me having a hard time breathing. I then heard the sound of an ambulance approaching. Two medic got out and tried to get me out of my car but the could't because my leg was badly messed up and bleeding. <br><br>Needless to say I broke my ankle and had to have pins put in it plus a compound fracture of my leg and all my ribs on my right side broken. I stayed in the hospital for about two weeks and had a lot of physical therapy. This happened about six months ago and I am still having a little trouble walking but little by little I'm getting better. <br><br>The accident was indeed my fault, I'm so glad the other person did not have any injuries . I since learned I have sleep- apnea and that is why I fell asleep at the wheel. I worry about driving and at times very nervous but with time I know things will get better. <br><br>I had to drive with my son to get the courage to drive again and even then I was very nervous and shaky . You never know what will happen when you leave home to go to work so always try to be prepared.","This morning I went for a run. In the beginning I had to pass several streets. When I approached one of them, a bus driver did not see me and drove past right in front of me. <br><br>This was in my view completely fine, as I usually just find my way across the street without anybody having to stop. But this bus driver stopped the bus right after he passed me, pulled down the window and apologized for not letting me run by first. <br><br>It was a very short encounter, but his considerateness and kindness made my day.","
The author got up early, made lunch, and went to work. They fell asleep at the wheel due to sleep apnea, causing an accident that left them with injuries. After having physical therapy and driving with their son, they are still nervous but slowly getting better.","
The author went for a run and a bus driver almost hit them while crossing the street. However, the bus driver stopped and apologized for not letting the author run first. The author was touched by the bus driver's kindness and it made their day.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,1.5,2.5
394,"(92, 155)","(0.553, 0.755]","I've been struggling a bit lately financially. I'm not making the same money I was making at my job, and things are really tight for me right now. I had a flat tire on my car, and I changed it and put the donut tire on. I cant afford to buy a new tire right now. The donut tire has a slow leak though, and I was always putting air in it. The whole situation just has me down and depressed. <br><br>I work with a good friend of mine. We are close and have been friends for a long time. She knows I have been struggling with things. She asked me one day if she could use my car on her lunch break to run a couple errands. Her husband had dropped her off that day because her car was getting an oil change. I told her sure and gave her the keys. <br><br>She came back to work after her lunch and gave me my keys and we went about our day. I left work that day and went out to my car. Something was different on it, and it took me a minute to realize that my donut tire was gone, and there was a brand new tire on my car. I stood there dumbfounded thinking ""how did this happen?"" and I called my friend and asked her if she knew anything about. <br><br>She laughed, and told me ""Happy Birthday"" that she had bought me a new tire for my car for my Birthday that was coming. I was so surprised and touched, that I burst into tears. She is an amazing friend, and I am blessed to have her in my life!","I've been hanging out with this girl for a few months and we became great friends. There was always some underlying tension between us, but neither of us acted on it. We hung out a couple of times, cuddled, but nothing more. To be honest, I'm not sure what I wanted from her. I guess I just wanted support. I wanted someone to share how I felt with. <br><br>I had recently been through a bad breakup and I was doing everything self destructive I could think of. I wanted affection and comfort but I didn't have the energy to give any of it back. She did. She would always talk to me, help me through the day, comfort me, and encourage me to take care of myself. She would buy me anything I needed for myself, she cooked me homecooked meals. She would constantly check up on me. And to be honest, I was kind of a bad friend. I wasn't as caring and considerate as she was. I didn't really give her much comfort even though I depended on her for her care. <br><br>After trauma dumping on her for a while and doing some inconsiderate things, she started distancing herself from me. I thought that it was always just the fact that she was kind of pretty and giving me the support I needed that made me attracted to her. In my mind, I labeled her as replaceable and a placeholder. <br><br>But she's not that. She's genuinely funny, kind, beautiful, smart, and caring. She's everything a guy could want in a girl, but now she avoids me. I'm still not sure what I want out of this, but I know I made a mistake. And at this point I have no idea how to fix it.","
A person is struggling financially and can't afford to buy a new tire for their car, which has a slow leak. A friend asks to borrow the car during lunch and returns it later with a brand new tire, surprising the owner who later learns it was a birthday gift. The owner is grateful for the friend's kindness and feels blessed to have such a great friend.","
The storyteller has been hanging out with a girl for a few months, and they had a great friendship with some underlying tension. The storyteller had recently gone through a bad breakup and was doing everything self-destructive, but the girl was always there for them, providing comfort and care. The storyteller realized they had been a bad friend and took the girl's support for granted, and now that she's distancing herself from them, they don't know how to fix it.",2,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.0,2.0,2.0,2.0
395,"(94, 101)","(0.553, 0.755]","This experience happened when I got something I've been wanting to try my entire life. A VR headset. This has been one of the most anticipated purchases since I was a kid. And I finally got a chance to use it. When I first put it on, I was blown away by how it looked. I felt like this was the future. I completely lost myself in the game I was playing, and for a while, i even forgot I was standing in my living room. This was so much fun. I had a blast, and I couldn't wait to tell others about it. <br><br>I invited over my friends to try for themselves as well. They were a bit skeptical but once they put the VR headset on, they were blown away just like I was. In the end it was a great experience and I will never forget it. <br><br>Even my family came over to try it. They also enjoyed it. One of my friends even went out to buy himself one. All in all, they really loved it.","I had some of my photography work published in a magazine for the first time. I was very excited. When I first found out that one of my photos was going to be published, I was so excited and overjoyed that I cried happy tears and could not thank God enough! This was a huge milestone for me as a professional photographer. <br><br>I called my husband and told him the great news! He was thrilled for me and gave me huge congratulations! I also called or texted other family members to tell them the good news as well. They were also very excited! <br><br>The photo that was published was a portrait of my son. This made the event even more special. When I got the magazine in the mail I was so happy! I showed the magazine to my son and showed him his portrait and he was very excited as well. The magazine was beautifully printed and I could not believe how gorgeous the portrait looked in it. <br><br>Everyone in the family was ecstatic! This was a very joyous memory for me in my photography career and definitely a great memory.","
The author fulfilled a lifelong dream by purchasing a VR headset and was blown away by the experience. They invited friends and family to try it, and everyone was impressed. In the end, the author and their loved ones had a great time and some even went on to purchase their own VR headsets.","
A photographer had their work published in a magazine for the first time, which was a huge milestone for them. The published photo was a portrait of their son, making the event even more special. The photographer and their family were thrilled and overjoyed with the news.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.5,3.0,2.5
396,"(95, 180)","(0.553, 0.755]","On August 19, 2019, I went to see my new neurologist concerning my MS. I have had MS for many years but over the last 10 years or so, I moved from relapsing remitting to secondary progressive. I have been having a lot of problems with falling and stumbling and the fatigue has been horrible. To further complicate the issue I fell on April 2nd this year and tore up my knee, which exacerbated the MS. <br><br>I started back to work the first day of school, August 14th. I substitute in high needs SPED. I knew I wasn't doing well with my MS, but it came as a complete shock to me when my doctor told me I was ""running out of reserves/ basically about out of reserves"" and I need to conserve my energy NOW. <br><br>She said I should not be working, which I love my students, but she understood why I continued. Now, I am having to cut back my days at school and have accepted the fact that this year will be last year of teaching, I want to use my energy for doing the other things I love, which is travelling. I am going to Italy in September and will have to go on a rollator/wheelchair. <br><br>I am devastated, I have been bursting into tears, even at school, I am having problems coping with this new news. It's almost like when I was first diagnosed, but worse now because of my age. I have always ""pushed through"" and tried to exercise my legs. I have been told I should really STOP now to reserve whatever I have left. <br><br>I am using my walker at home now, so that is helping with my falling. However, because I used to be paralyzed from my waist down and spent years on my scooter, I do not want to have to use a scooter again. I donated both of mine. I also had hand controls in my vehicle, which I am afraid I might have to do again. I am okay with that aid. <br><br>I simply feel like I am going backwards, even though I have known for the 34 years I've had MS it is a progressive disease. Now that my husband is retired and we can do things, it is so difficult for me, though I thoroughly enjoy travelling. <br><br>This new news about my MS has been emotionally and mentally exhausting.","I applied to a job at a place I've been a customer for about 5 years. They're great people and I'm in a place where I needed something with some longevity and benefits. <br><br>I interviewed yesterday and was on pins and needles waiting to hear back from them. <br><br>I got the offer about an hour ago! <br><br>Things are going so well for me right now, and this was a stepping stone I needed to get to a stable enough place to go back to school and now I can start working towards that.","
The author visited a neurologist about their multiple sclerosis (MS) and was shocked to learn that they were running out of reserves and needed to conserve their energy. The doctor advised the author to stop working, which is devastating as they love their job teaching high needs SPED. They are now using a walker at home to prevent falling and need to use a rollator/wheelchair for their upcoming trip to Italy, which is emotionally and mentally exhausting.","
The author applied for a job at a place they have been a customer of for five years. They received an offer after interviewing and are excited to have found a stable job with benefits to help support their goal of going back to school. The author is grateful for the opportunity and excited for their future prospects.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,1.5,1.5,2.5
397,"(96, 106)","(0.553, 0.755]","I'm from Tampa, Florida, but this past Summer, I decided to call Nantucket Island home. It's an entire 2600 miles away and I've, quite literally, never moved out of the state of Florida even though I've traveled plenty. Even though I'm thirty three years old, it doesn't stop my parents from worrying and missing me every day. <br><br>It just so happens that this year my Mother was turning fifty back in June. I made the arrangements to fly home and throw her a surprise party with my sister-in-law. It was a whirlwind trip but it was definitely worth it! <br><br>My Mom isn't much for being the center of attention or professing her emotions beyond what is necessary. In fact, it is quite possible I've seen my Dad cry more than I have seen her cry. That is saying a lot! <br><br>At her birthday party, she was clearly very surprised when she arrived. There were easily a hundred people in attendance. The greatest moment of all, though, was when her eyes finally landed on me. She started CRYING and then she started laughing and then she cried some more. Her legs just about gave out from underneath her. <br><br>To make things even better, it was all caught on tape! I will never, for the rest of my life, forget that moment. It is one of my very favorite memories.","This event occurred over 3 months ago. I will forever remember it as something sticking and in all honesty, the day I became an adult. Not that I wasn't one already. On that day, I remember I did everything as I would each day prior to work. I ate breakfast, drank my regular cup of coffee with cinnamon sprinkled on top, etc. <br><br>However, on my way home, I began thinking about an argument I had with my mom a few days prior. I was thinking about how it made me feel and the events that led up to the event. As I parked, I saw that no one was home except my mom. I went ahead and entered my house, and went to grab a snack. As I closed the refrigerator, I saw my mom standing in the hallway. I approached her to speak about the events from the other day. We went back and forth in a very emotional conversation. This was probably one of the most intense conversation I have ever had with my mom. She told me so many things that it made me think twice about how I was behaving towards her. <br><br>It was the day that I found out my mom did not know how to swim. I HAD NO IDEA. I was honestly so shocked and surprised that I had seen my mom in pools before, but never knew she couldn't swim. How can I not know something so important about my mom?Which made me realize that I only have one mother. I should be paying more attention to her. I should be bonding with her more. Because one day, she will not be there. <br><br>After the compelling conversation, we then proceeded to plan a mother/daughter day. We planned to eat tacos that weekend and watch a movie together, which we did. It was honestly of the best weekends ever. Very moving moment for me.","A woman from Tampa, Florida decided to move to Nantucket Island for the summer, 2600 miles away from home. Despite being 33 years old, her parents still worry and miss her every day. She flew back to Florida to surprise her mother for her 50th birthday with a party, causing her mother to cry tears of joy and laughter when she saw her daughter.","
The author had an emotional conversation with their mother about an argument they had. During this conversation, the author found out that their mother didn't know how to swim and realized they needed to spend more time with her. They planned a mother/daughter day and had a great weekend together.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",3.5,2.5,3.5,3.0
398,"(98, 119)","(0.48, 0.498]","Two months ago my partner and I went on vacation to Las Vegas, Nevada. The beginning was rough as we had two to three hours delay with our flight. I was supposed to arrive at 8:00 pm local time but ended up reaching there around 10:30 pm. We had problems with our transportation to our hotel. There was a misunderstanding with driver, took us to the wrong hotel. Finally, at 11:15 pm we reached our hotel. <br><br>We were tired so could do nothing except going to bed. However, next morning we were amazed by the layout of casinos in the hotel; there were hundreds. After having breakfast, we set out to observe the sin city. There were people everywhere. We were thrilled to see amazing structures such the water show at one of the hotels. <br><br>We walked all day observing hotels and casinos and trying out various drinks. The night time was even more amazing with music and songs being played. There was a memorable volcanic eruption show at a hotel next to ours. <br><br>The next day we took a tour bus and traveled to various parts of the city. It was very exhilarating. We had a great time in Las Vegas and going cherish it for a long time.",I grew up in a town of about 7000 people. Not the smallest around but definitely pretty small. Not quite the case of everyone knowing everyone but news got around pretty fast. I remember so many nights just looking up at the stars and marveling at how many there were. In a way I can really appreciate the story from the Bible when God tells Abraham to look up at the stars and he tells him that his descendants will be the number of the stars. <br><br>I can appreciate it even more now that it has been taken away from me. I now live in a city of 2 million and the stars are just so washed out by light pollution that I think I'm lucky if half a dozen break through the pollution. <br><br>It genuinely excited me the other day when I could see Jupiter shining bright as it reached its closest point with Earth. But then I felt a moment of melancholy. I realized just how much I miss seeing those uncountable Stars. <br><br>I miss my hometown. More than I'd ever admit to my parents but I definitely miss it.,"The author and their partner experienced a rough start to their Las Vegas vacation due to flight delays and transportation issues. However, they were amazed by the layout of casinos and structures such as the water show and volcanic eruption show. They spent their days observing the city and trying out various drinks, and took a tour bus to see different parts of the city before leaving with fond memories.","
The author grew up in a small town where they could see countless stars at night. They now live in a city of 2 million where light pollution makes it difficult to see the stars. The author misses their hometown and the ability to see the stars.",1,0.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",1.5,1.5,1.5,1.5
399,"(99, 209)","(0.553, 0.755]"," About two weeks ago I adopted a new cat. I go to a local pet store once a week or once every two weeks to buy supplies for my animals. I often take my husband to the pet store with me so that he can carry the heavier items that I purchase. <br><br>At the back of the pet store there is a small room that has a big window so people can see in. Inside the room are several cages where cats are kept that are available for adoption. Several months ago, my husband noticed an orange cat with the name Ivan in one of the cages and he seemed to really like him. <br><br>Week after week I would go to the pet store and pass by this room. I could not help but notice that while many of the other cages were filled with different cats each week, Ivan never moved. He just sat in his small cage waiting to be adopted. The store lowered his adoption fee several times but, still no one wanted Ivan. It made me very sad to see him sitting there so, on the next trip to the pet store, I took my husband again. <br><br>I showed him that Ivan was still there and asked an employee to let him meet the lonely cat. It was instant love. Ivan almost jumped into my husbands arms and purred. It was like he knew they were going to be together. I signed some paperwork and bought a few new toys while they got acquainted. <br><br>My husbands eyes lit up when I came back with a box to take Ivan home in. When we got home, Ivan seemed comfortable like he had always been there.","I suffer from major depressive disorder (and about half a dozen other DSM-V diagnoses) and I hesitated for years to get another pet because I was worried I couldn't provide the kind of care and attention they need and deserve. <br><br>Then the pandemic came. With the freedom of being fortunate enough to work from home, I felt like I had a choice to either use my newfound free time to accelerate my self-destruction through isolation and substance abuse (which I absolutely did for the first few months of quarantine) or find a way to actually improve my life -- and that's what I've done my best to work toward for the last year. <br><br>I moved out of my parents' house at an embarrassingly late age and bought one of my own, something I'm incredibly proud of and was very lucky to have been able to do. I got back into therapy and decided to try some new medications with as much patience as I could muster. I started taking a bit better care of myself physically and spending more time around people, especially my handful of good friends. <br><br>Feeling better about myself than I have in a while, I finally ran out of excuses not to go through with the adoption and went to the local humane society. I met a dozen or so dogs but there was only one I felt an immediate connection to and I took her home that day. <br><br>She was nervous at first in her new environment and didn't even want to join me on the couch but, after a couple days of realizing I wouldn't ever leave her, she was already sleeping on my lap. She follows me everywhere and loves to play and cuddle. She had a play date with a friend's dog yesterday and she had so much fun that she's still exhausted. Plus she gets me moving which I desperately needed! <br><br>As a depressed person who also feels like he can give a rescue a happy life, I'm confident it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. I am genuinely happy for the first time in at least a decade when I'm around her and worry constantly when I occasionally can't be. <br><br>I can't wait to travel again now that this viral nightmare has finally began to wind down and I'm so looking forward to taking her with me.","
The author frequently visits a pet store with her husband to buy supplies for their animals. In the back of the store, there is a room with several cages of cats available for adoption. One cat named Ivan had been there for months without being adopted until the author's husband fell in love with him and they took him home.","The author, who suffers from major depressive disorder, was hesitant to get a pet due to concerns about providing proper care. However, during the pandemic, they decided to make positive changes in their life, including moving out of their parents' house, getting back into therapy, and adopting a dog. The dog has brought them happiness and companionship, and they look forward to traveling with her in the future.",3,1.0,"Reasoning: while the stories are not directly related, both narrators went through a process of self-discovery and questioning their path, ultimately finding what aligns with their values and brings them happiness.",2.5,2.0,3.0,2.5
